SOCKET v3.02 02-11-01 John Walshaw, University of Sussex
using cutoff of  7.0 Angstroms for centre of mass distances

attempting to open "/fs/ccplus/data/bu/4buj/structures/4buj_1.mmol"
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/bu/4buj/structures/4buj_1.mmol" (input)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/bu/4buj/dssp/4buj_1.mmol.dssp" (input)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/bu/4buj/rasmol/4buj_1.mmol.70.spt" (output)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/bu/4buj/socket/4buj_1.mmol.70.long.socket" (output)
Found beginning of residue data






















There are 1419 alpha-helical residues in this structure

chain A starts at residue    8, iCode=' '
chain B starts at residue   -1, iCode=' '
chain C starts at residue    2, iCode=' '
chain D starts at residue    3, iCode=' '
residue 10 (ASP 49:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 86 (ASP 49A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 13 (LYS 52:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 107 (LYS 52A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 24 (LYS 85:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 201 (LYS 85A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 25 (LEU 86:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 206 (LEU 86A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 28 (LYS 89:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 231 (LYS 89A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 31 (THR 178:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 253 (THR 178A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 34 (ASN 181:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 271 (ASN 181A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 36 (THR 183:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 281 (THR 183A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 37 (LYS 184:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 286 (LYS 184A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 38 (LEU 185:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 291 (LEU 185A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 40 (UNK 221:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 304 (UNK 221A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 41 (UNK 222:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 309 (UNK 222A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 42 (UNK 223:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 314 (UNK 223A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 43 (UNK 224:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 319 (UNK 224A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 44 (UNK 225:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 324 (UNK 225A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 45 (UNK 236:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 329 (UNK 236A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 46 (UNK 237:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 334 (UNK 237A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 47 (UNK 238:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 339 (UNK 238A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 48 (UNK 239:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 344 (UNK 239A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 49 (UNK 240:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 349 (UNK 240A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 50 (UNK 241:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 354 (UNK 241A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 51 (UNK 242:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 359 (UNK 242A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 52 (UNK 243:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 364 (UNK 243A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 53 (UNK 244:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 369 (UNK 244A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 54 (UNK 245:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 374 (UNK 245A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 55 (UNK 246:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 379 (UNK 246A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 56 (UNK 247:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 384 (UNK 247A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 57 (UNK 248:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 389 (UNK 248A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 58 (UNK 249:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 394 (UNK 249A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 59 (UNK 250:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 399 (UNK 250A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 60 (UNK 251:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 404 (UNK 251A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 61 (UNK 252:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 409 (UNK 252A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 62 (UNK 253:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 414 (UNK 253A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 63 (UNK 271:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 419 (UNK 271A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 64 (UNK 272:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 424 (UNK 272A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 65 (UNK 273:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 429 (UNK 273A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 66 (UNK 274:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 434 (UNK 274A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 67 (UNK 275:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 439 (UNK 275A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 68 (UNK 276:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 444 (UNK 276A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 69 (UNK 277:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 449 (UNK 277A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 70 (UNK 278:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 454 (UNK 278A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 71 (UNK 279:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 459 (UNK 279A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 72 (UNK 280:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 464 (UNK 280A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 74 (ASP 316:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 480 (ASP 316A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 75 (GLU 317:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 485 (GLU 317A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 76 (LEU 318:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 490 (LEU 318A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 101 (LYS 382:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 690 (LYS 382A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 150 (ARG 534:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1102 (ARG 534A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 153 (LYS 537:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1126 (LYS 537A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 159 (GLU 616:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1176 (GLU 616A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 160 (ILE 617:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1181 (ILE 617A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 161 (VAL 618:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1186 (VAL 618A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 166 (LYS 623:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1230 (LYS 623A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 167 (LYS 636:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1235 (LYS 636A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 168 (LYS 637:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1240 (LYS 637A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 169 (ARG 638:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1245 (ARG 638A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 177 (LYS 655:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1307 (LYS 655A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 179 (LYS 657:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1321 (LYS 657A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 217 (SER 712:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1640 (SER 712A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 232 (GLU 791:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1749 (GLU 791A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 233 (VAL 792:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1754 (VAL 792A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 257 (GLU 1093:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1954 (GLU 1093A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 264 (LYS 1100:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2007 (LYS 1100A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 301 (LYS 1183:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2298 (LYS 1183A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 311 (GLN 1198:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2377 (GLN 1198A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 315 (GLU 1202:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2404 (GLU 1202A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 318 (ASP 1205:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2428 (ASP 1205A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 328 (LYS 1225:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2514 (LYS 1225A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 332 (GLU 1229:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2544 (GLU 1229A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 356 (ILE 1257:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2731 (ILE 1257A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 373 (MET 1:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2864 (MET 1B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 374 (SER 2:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2869 (SER 2B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 375 (ASP 3:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2874 (ASP 3B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 377 (LYS 5:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2887 (LYS 5B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 378 (GLN 6:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2892 (GLN 6B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 379 (LEU 7:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2897 (LEU 7B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 381 (LYS 9:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2910 (LYS 9B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 382 (GLU 10:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2915 (GLU 10B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 384 (LYS 12:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2925 (LYS 12B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 385 (GLN 13:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2930 (GLN 13B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 387 (LEU 15:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2944 (LEU 15B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 388 (THR 16:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2949 (THR 16B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 390 (GLU 21:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2966 (GLU 21B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 391 (GLU 22:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2971 (GLU 22B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 393 (ILE 24:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2983 (ILE 24B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 394 (GLU 25:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2988 (GLU 25B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 397 (GLU 28:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3007 (GLU 28B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 398 (LYS 29:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3012 (LYS 29B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 400 (LEU 31:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3024 (LEU 31B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 401 (LYS 32:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3029 (LYS 32B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 402 (LEU 33:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3034 (LEU 33B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 411 (LYS 46:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3108 (LYS 46B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 415 (SER 50:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3132 (SER 50B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 416 (ASN 56:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3137 (ASN 56B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 418 (SER 58:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3149 (SER 58B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 420 (ASN 60:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3160 (ASN 60B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 421 (ARG 61:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3165 (ARG 61B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 427 (THR 67:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3211 (THR 67B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 431 (VAL 71:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3246 (VAL 71B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 432 (SER 72:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3251 (SER 72B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 435 (LYS 75:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3266 (LYS 75B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 436 (LEU 76:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3271 (LEU 76B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 438 (LEU 82:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3284 (LEU 82B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 441 (LYS 85:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3308 (LYS 85B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 445 (LEU 89:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3336 (LEU 89B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 446 (LEU 90:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3341 (LEU 90B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 448 (ARG 92:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3357 (ARG 92B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 449 (THR 93:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3362 (THR 93B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 450 (VAL 96:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3367 (VAL 96B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 451 (VAL 97:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3372 (VAL 97B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 453 (ASP 99:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3384 (ASP 99B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 461 (LEU 109:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3457 (LEU 109B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 467 (ASP 115:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3498 (ASP 115B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 469 (LEU 117:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3508 (LEU 117B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 470 (LEU 118:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3513 (LEU 118B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 471 (LYS 119:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3518 (LYS 119B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 472 (GLN 120:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3523 (GLN 120B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 473 (VAL 125:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3528 (VAL 125B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 474 (GLU 126:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3533 (GLU 126B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 476 (ILE 128:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3546 (ILE 128B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 477 (ASN 129:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3551 (ASN 129B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 480 (LYS 132:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3572 (LYS 132B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 481 (LEU 133:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3577 (LEU 133B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 482 (LEU 134:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3582 (LEU 134B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 483 (LYS 135:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3587 (LYS 135B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 484 (LYS 136:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3592 (LYS 136B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 485 (THR 137:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3597 (THR 137B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 486 (GLN 142:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3602 (GLN 142B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 489 (PHE 145:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3621 (PHE 145B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 493 (LEU 149:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3657 (LEU 149B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 494 (LEU 154:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3662 (LEU 154B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 497 (GLU 157:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3680 (GLU 157B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 498 (THR 158:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3685 (THR 158B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 500 (GLN 167:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3697 (GLN 167B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 508 (LYS 175:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3755 (LYS 175B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 509 (ILE 176:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3760 (ILE 176B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 511 (SER 178:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3773 (SER 178B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 512 (ASN 179:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3778 (ASN 179B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 513 (ILE 180:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3783 (ILE 180B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 514 (GLU 181:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3788 (GLU 181B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 516 (THR 183:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3800 (THR 183B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 517 (GLU 184:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3805 (GLU 184B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 518 (ILE 185:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3810 (ILE 185B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 520 (LYS 187:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3819 (LYS 187B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 521 (THR 188:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3824 (THR 188B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 522 (LEU 189:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3829 (LEU 189B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 523 (SER 190:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3834 (SER 190B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 524 (GLN 191:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3839 (GLN 191B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 528 (GLN 204:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3875 (GLN 204B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 530 (LYS 206:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3888 (LYS 206B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 531 (LEU 207:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3893 (LEU 207B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 533 (SER 209:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3906 (SER 209B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 536 (GLU 213:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3936 (GLU 213B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 537 (ILE 214:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3941 (ILE 214B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 539 (LYS 216:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3954 (LYS 216B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 542 (GLN 222:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3975 (GLN 222B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 543 (LEU 223:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3980 (LEU 223B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 546 (GLN 226:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4005 (GLN 226B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 547 (LEU 227:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4010 (LEU 227B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 548 (VAL 228:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4015 (VAL 228B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 551 (LEU 231:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4036 (LEU 231B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 552 (ASP 234:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4041 (ASP 234B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 553 (GLN 235:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4046 (GLN 235B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 554 (LYS 236:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4051 (LYS 236B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 557 (GLU 239:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4073 (GLU 239B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 558 (ILE 240:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4078 (ILE 240B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 568 (LYS 250:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4171 (LYS 250B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 571 (LYS 253:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4191 (LYS 253B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 572 (SER 254:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4196 (SER 254B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 573 (LEU 257:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4201 (LEU 257B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 574 (ASP 258:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4206 (ASP 258B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 576 (LYS 260:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4218 (LYS 260B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 577 (LYS 261:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4223 (LYS 261B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 578 (ASP 262:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4228 (ASP 262B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 581 (THR 265:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4255 (THR 265B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 582 (LYS 266:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4260 (LYS 266B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 585 (GLU 269:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4281 (GLU 269B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 588 (GLU 272:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4301 (GLU 272B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 589 (ASP 273:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4306 (ASP 273B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 591 (VAL 275:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4319 (VAL 275B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 592 (LEU 276:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4324 (LEU 276B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 598 (LYS 287:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4373 (LYS 287B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 604 (LEU 304:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4431 (LEU 304B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 607 (LYS 307:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4452 (LYS 307B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 611 (LYS 311:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4489 (LYS 311B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 619 (SER 323:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4550 (SER 323B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 622 (SER 326:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4577 (SER 326B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 624 (LYS 335:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4590 (LYS 335B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 625 (SER 336:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4595 (SER 336B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 626 (LEU 337:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4600 (LEU 337B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 630 (GLU 409:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4632 (GLU 409B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 634 (VAL 413:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4658 (VAL 413B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 640 (VAL 419:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4703 (VAL 419B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 641 (LYS 420:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4708 (LYS 420B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 657 (GLU 442:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4844 (GLU 442B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 664 (LYS 449:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4894 (LYS 449B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 665 (ASN 450:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4899 (ASN 450B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 668 (SER 453:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4916 (SER 453B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 681 (LYS 470:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5017 (LYS 470B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 700 (LYS 495:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5169 (LYS 495B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 704 (ASN 499:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5202 (ASN 499B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 707 (SER 502:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5223 (SER 502B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 711 (GLN 509:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5248 (GLN 509B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 724 (LYS 525:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5350 (LYS 525B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 735 (GLU 536:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5432 (GLU 536B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 740 (LEU 545:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5470 (LEU 545B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 744 (SER 549:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5498 (SER 549B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 746 (SER 551:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5517 (SER 551B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 751 (GLU 560:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5552 (GLU 560B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 759 (VAL 568:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5602 (VAL 568B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 761 (LYS 570:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5615 (LYS 570B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 762 (LEU 577:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5620 (LEU 577B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 763 (ARG 578:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5625 (ARG 578B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 764 (SER 579:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5630 (SER 579B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 765 (ILE 580:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5635 (ILE 580B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 777 (LYS 592:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5738 (LYS 592B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 782 (LYS 597:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5778 (LYS 597B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 783 (HIS 598:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5783 (HIS 598B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 787 (LYS 610:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5808 (LYS 610B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 788 (CYS 611:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5813 (CYS 611B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 791 (LYS 614:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5834 (LYS 614B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 794 (ILE 617:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5855 (ILE 617B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 795 (GLN 618:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5860 (GLN 618B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 796 (SER 619:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5865 (SER 619B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 797 (ILE 620:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5870 (ILE 620B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 798 (LYS 621:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5875 (LYS 621B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 800 (LEU 623:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5888 (LEU 623B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 806 (THR 632:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5926 (THR 632B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 807 (LEU 633:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5931 (LEU 633B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 812 (CYS 638:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5968 (CYS 638B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 815 (LEU 645:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5993 (LEU 645B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 819 (LYS 649:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6025 (LYS 649B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 823 (LYS 653:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6059 (LYS 653B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 827 (LEU 657:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6088 (LEU 657B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 828 (ASP 658:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6093 (ASP 658B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 838 (THR 671:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6172 (THR 671B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 841 (SER 674:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6194 (SER 674B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 843 (GLN 679:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6213 (GLN 679B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 846 (SER 682:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6228 (SER 682B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 880 (ARG 730:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6498 (ARG 730B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 906 (GLN 764:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6698 (GLN 764B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 930 (GLU 794:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6890 (GLU 794B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 931 (LYS 795:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6895 (LYS 795B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 935 (GLU 799:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6922 (GLU 799B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 942 (LEU 810:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6974 (LEU 810B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 964 (LYS 835:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7140 (LYS 835B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 976 (GLU 847:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7235 (GLU 847B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 994 (GLU 879:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7396 (GLU 879B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 999 (ILE 884:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7428 (ILE 884B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1001 (GLU 886:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7444 (GLU 886B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1002 (ASN 887:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7449 (ASN 887B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1003 (GLU 894:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7454 (GLU 894B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1004 (GLU 895:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7459 (GLU 895B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1005 (ILE 896:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7464 (ILE 896B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1007 (SER 898:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7477 (SER 898B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1008 (VAL 899:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7482 (VAL 899B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1020 (LEU 925:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7571 (LEU 925B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1036 (ILE 953:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7702 (ILE 953B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1057 (LYS 976:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7868 (LYS 976B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1060 (ILE 979:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7888 (ILE 979B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1061 (GLN 980:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7893 (GLN 980B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1062 (LEU 981:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7898 (LEU 981B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1073 (ARG 1002:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7982 (ARG 1002B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1081 (LYS 1010:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8044 (LYS 1010B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1086 (THR 1019:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8074 (THR 1019B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1098 (LYS 1031:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8168 (LYS 1031B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1104 (GLN 1040:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8214 (GLN 1040B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1108 (LYS 1044:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8242 (LYS 1044B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1111 (SER 1047:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8264 (SER 1047B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1112 (LEU 1048:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8269 (LEU 1048B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1125 (GLU 1065:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8365 (GLU 1065B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1132 (LYS 1074:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8411 (LYS 1074B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1141 (SER 1083:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8483 (SER 1083B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1150 (LYS 1096:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8552 (LYS 1096B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1158 (GLU 1113:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8615 (GLU 1113B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1177 (GLN 1136:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8764 (GLN 1136B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1192 (GLU 1153:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8884 (GLU 1153B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1196 (GLU 1157:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8910 (GLU 1157B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1202 (ILE 1163:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8955 (ILE 1163B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1204 (ILE 1165:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8964 (ILE 1165B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1206 (GLU 1167:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8977 (GLU 1167B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1207 (LYS 1168:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8982 (LYS 1168B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1208 (LYS 1169:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8987 (LYS 1169B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1209 (PHE 1170:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8992 (PHE 1170B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1210 (GLU 1171:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8997 (GLU 1171B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1211 (LYS 1172:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9002 (LYS 1172B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1212 (GLU 1176:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9007 (GLU 1176B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1213 (ARG 1177:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9012 (ARG 1177B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1214 (GLU 1178:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9017 (GLU 1178B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1215 (LEU 1179:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9022 (LEU 1179B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1216 (PHE 1180:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9027 (PHE 1180B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1217 (ASN 1181:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9032 (ASN 1181B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1220 (ILE 1184:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9053 (ILE 1184B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1221 (ILE 1185:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9058 (ILE 1185B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1222 (LYS 1186:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9063 (LYS 1186B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1234 (GLU 1200:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9157 (GLU 1200B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1237 (ILE 1203:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9176 (ILE 1203B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1246 (ILE 1212:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9238 (ILE 1212B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1247 (ILE 1213:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9243 (ILE 1213B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1248 (SER 1221:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9248 (SER 1221B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1251 (THR 1224:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9270 (THR 1224B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1266 (LEU 1239:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9390 (LEU 1239B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1269 (THR 1245:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9412 (THR 1245B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1270 (LEU 1246:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9417 (LEU 1246B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1271 (ASN 1247:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9422 (ASN 1247B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1272 (GLN 1248:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9427 (GLN 1248B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1275 (GLU 1251:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9452 (GLU 1251B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1279 (ILE 1255:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9479 (ILE 1255B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1280 (SER 1256:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9484 (SER 1256B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1295 (SER 1276:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9602 (SER 1276B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1296 (ASP 1277:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9607 (ASP 1277B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1297 (THR 1278:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9612 (THR 1278B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1298 (LYS 1279:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9617 (LYS 1279B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1299 (GLU 1280:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9622 (GLU 1280B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1300 (ILE 1281:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9627 (ILE 1281B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1303 (GLN 1284:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9645 (GLN 1284B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1309 (ILE 1290:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9695 (ILE 1290B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1311 (THR 1292:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9705 (THR 1292B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1322 (SER 1307:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9781 (SER 1307B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1323 (ILE 1308:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9786 (ILE 1308B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1327 (GLU 1314:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9818 (GLU 1314B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1328 (ASP 1315:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9823 (ASP 1315B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1331 (ILE 1318:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9842 (ILE 1318B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1334 (GLU 1321:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9863 (GLU 1321B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1343 (ILE 1333:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9934 (ILE 1333B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1366 (LYS 1372:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10132 (LYS 1372B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1418 (LYS 120:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10557 (LYS 120D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
5 sidechains in contact with residue  616 (ILE   320:B, iCode=' ' helix  54)
residue 616 (ILE 320:B) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) VAL 413:B iCode=' '	1) LEU 414:B iCode=' '	2) ASN 417:B iCode=' '	3) ILE 418:B iCode=' '	4) CYS 421:B iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
LEU 414:B iCode=' '	ASN 417:B iCode=' '	ILE 418:B iCode=' '	CYS 421:B iCode=' '	

!!!!odd-knob
5 sidechains in contact with residue  922 (TYR   786:B, iCode=' ' helix  76)
residue 922 (TYR 786:B) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) VAL 813:B iCode=' '	1) ARG 816:B iCode=' '	2) CYS 817:B iCode=' '	3) ASP 820:B iCode=' '	4) LEU 821:B iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
VAL 813:B iCode=' '	ARG 816:B iCode=' '	CYS 817:B iCode=' '	ASP 820:B iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue 1093 (ALA  1026:B, iCode=' ' helix  87)
residue 1093 (ALA 1026:B) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) PHE 1037:B iCode=' '	1) ALA 1038:B iCode=' '	2) VAL 1041:B iCode=' '	3) LEU 1042:B iCode=' '	4) LEU 1045:B iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
ALA 1038:B iCode=' '	VAL 1041:B iCode=' '	LEU 1042:B iCode=' '	LEU 1045:B iCode=' '	

daisy chain  0 : knobs 16 (helix 36)	18 (helix 38)	19 (helix 37)	
knob  16 (residue 383 = ALA 11:B iCode=' ') forms a 3-knob cycle with knobs   16  18  19; 
knob  18 (residue 408 = PHE 43:B iCode=' ') forms a 3-knob cycle with knobs   16  18  19; 
knob  19 (residue 396 = SER 27:B iCode=' ') forms a 3-knob cycle with knobs   16  18  19; 

These are the knobs and holes:

knobs in helix 0:
knobs in helix 1:
knobs in helix 2:
knobs in helix 3:
knobs in helix 4:
knobs in helix 5:
knobs in helix 6:
knobs in helix 7:
knobs in helix 8:
knobs in helix 9:
knobs in helix 10:
knobs in helix 11:
knobs in helix 12:
knobs in helix 13:
knobs in helix 14:
knobs in helix 15:
knobs in helix 16:
knobs in helix 17:
knobs in helix 18:
knobs in helix 19:
knobs in helix 20:
knobs in helix 21:
knobs in helix 22:
knobs in helix 23:
knobs in helix 24:
knobs in helix 25:
knobs in helix 26:
knobs in helix 27:
knobs in helix 28:
knobs in helix 29:
knobs in helix 30:
knobs in helix 31:
knobs in helix 32:
knobs in helix 33:
knobs in helix 34:
12) 348 (CYS 1249:A, iCode=' ', helix 34) type 4	(hole:  MET 1268:A iCode=' ', ALA 1271:A iCode=' ', GLN 1272:A iCode=' ', ILE 1275:A iCode=' ' helix 35) packing angle   86.387
knobs in helix 35:
14) 369 (GLN 1272:A, iCode=' ', helix 35) type 4	(hole:  ASP 1246:A iCode=' ', CYS 1249:A iCode=' ', ARG 1250:A iCode=' ', LYS 1253:A iCode=' ' helix 34) packing angle  161.148
knobs in helix 36:
16) 383 (ALA 11:B, iCode=' ', helix 36) type 4	(hole:  THR 23:B iCode=' ', ILE 26:B iCode=' ', SER 27:B iCode=' ', VAL 30:B iCode=' ' helix 37) packing angle  138.984
knobs in helix 37:
19) 396 (SER 27:B, iCode=' ', helix 37) type 4	(hole:  ALA 40:B iCode=' ', PHE 43:B iCode=' ', LEU 44:B iCode=' ', ALA 47:B iCode=' ' helix 38) packing angle   82.362
knobs in helix 38:
18) 408 (PHE 43:B, iCode=' ', helix 38) type 4	(hole:  LEU 8:B iCode=' ', ALA 11:B iCode=' ', LYS 12:B iCode=' ', LEU 15:B iCode=' ' helix 36) packing angle   62.458
20) 409 (LEU 44:B, iCode=' ', helix 38) type 4	(hole:  ILE 24:B iCode=' ', SER 27:B iCode=' ', GLU 28:B iCode=' ', LEU 31:B iCode=' ' helix 37) packing angle  142.615
knobs in helix 39:
knobs in helix 40:
25) 440 (TRP 84:B, iCode=' ', helix 40) type 4	(hole:  LEU 109:B iCode=' ', GLN 112:B iCode=' ', TYR 113:B iCode=' ', ALA 116:B iCode=' ' helix 42) packing angle   74.239
26) 444 (PHE 88:B, iCode=' ', helix 40) type 4	(hole:  TYR 106:B iCode=' ', LEU 109:B iCode=' ', CYS 110:B iCode=' ', TYR 113:B iCode=' ' helix 42) packing angle  139.238
knobs in helix 41:
knobs in helix 42:
27) 461 (LEU 109:B, iCode=' ', helix 42) type 3	(hole:  TRP 84:B iCode=' ', LEU 87:B iCode=' ', PHE 88:B iCode=' ', PHE 91:B iCode=' ' helix 40) packing angle   77.645
28) 465 (TYR 113:B, iCode=' ', helix 42) type 4	(hole:  LEU 81:B iCode=' ', TRP 84:B iCode=' ', LYS 85:B iCode=' ', PHE 88:B iCode=' ' helix 40) packing angle  129.440
knobs in helix 43:
knobs in helix 44:
knobs in helix 45:
knobs in helix 46:
31) 503 (LEU 170:B, iCode=' ', helix 46) type 4	(hole:  LEU 223:B iCode=' ', GLN 226:B iCode=' ', LEU 227:B iCode=' ', ILE 230:B iCode=' ' helix 49) packing angle   46.284
knobs in helix 47:
knobs in helix 48:
knobs in helix 49:
34) 547 (LEU 227:B, iCode=' ', helix 49) type 4	(hole:  GLN 167:B iCode=' ', LEU 170:B iCode=' ', LEU 171:B iCode=' ', ILE 174:B iCode=' ' helix 46) packing angle  122.459
36) 544 (TYR 224:B, iCode=' ', helix 49) type 4	(hole:  ILE 240:B iCode=' ', GLN 243:B iCode=' ', TRP 244:B iCode=' ', TYR 247:B iCode=' ' helix 50) packing angle   75.985
37) 548 (VAL 228:B, iCode=' ', helix 49) type 4	(hole:  ARG 237:B iCode=' ', ILE 240:B iCode=' ', GLU 241:B iCode=' ', TRP 244:B iCode=' ' helix 50) packing angle  150.224
knobs in helix 50:
38) 558 (ILE 240:B, iCode=' ', helix 50) type 4	(hole:  TYR 224:B iCode=' ', LEU 227:B iCode=' ', VAL 228:B iCode=' ', LEU 231:B iCode=' ' helix 49) packing angle   55.296
39) 562 (TRP 244:B, iCode=' ', helix 50) type 4	(hole:  ASP 221:B iCode=' ', TYR 224:B iCode=' ', ASN 225:B iCode=' ', VAL 228:B iCode=' ' helix 49) packing angle  148.135
41) 566 (ARG 248:B, iCode=' ', helix 50) type 4	(hole:  PHE 263:B iCode=' ', LYS 266:B iCode=' ', VAL 267:B iCode=' ', MET 270:B iCode=' ' helix 51) packing angle   69.464
knobs in helix 51:
43) 583 (VAL 267:B, iCode=' ', helix 51) type 4	(hole:  LEU 245:B iCode=' ', ARG 248:B iCode=' ', ILE 249:B iCode=' ', LEU 252:B iCode=' ' helix 50) packing angle  124.929
knobs in helix 52:
knobs in helix 53:
knobs in helix 54:
knobs in helix 55:
knobs in helix 56:
knobs in helix 57:
knobs in helix 58:
51) 663 (ILE 448:B, iCode=' ', helix 58) type 4	(hole:  PHE 473:B iCode=' ', ASP 476:B iCode=' ', LEU 477:B iCode=' ', VAL 480:B iCode=' ' helix 59) packing angle   86.835
knobs in helix 59:
53) 688 (LEU 477:B, iCode=' ', helix 59) type 4	(hole:  LEU 445:B iCode=' ', ILE 448:B iCode=' ', LYS 449:B iCode=' ', ILE 452:B iCode=' ' helix 58) packing angle  140.171
55) 689 (ALA 478:B, iCode=' ', helix 59) type 4	(hole:  ALA 493:B iCode=' ', LEU 496:B iCode=' ', TYR 497:B iCode=' ', ILE 500:B iCode=' ' helix 60) packing angle  123.250
knobs in helix 60:
56) 702 (TYR 497:B, iCode=' ', helix 60) type 4	(hole:  LEU 475:B iCode=' ', ALA 478:B iCode=' ', THR 479:B iCode=' ', THR 482:B iCode=' ' helix 59) packing angle  134.716
knobs in helix 61:
knobs in helix 62:
60) 730 (LEU 531:B, iCode=' ', helix 62) type 4	(hole:  VAL 544:B iCode=' ', GLU 547:B iCode=' ', LEU 548:B iCode=' ', SER 551:B iCode=' ' helix 63) packing angle   59.421
knobs in helix 63:
61) 743 (LEU 548:B, iCode=' ', helix 63) type 4	(hole:  MET 528:B iCode=' ', LEU 531:B iCode=' ', THR 532:B iCode=' ', HIS 535:B iCode=' ' helix 62) packing angle  135.635
knobs in helix 64:
66) 753 (LEU 562:B, iCode=' ', helix 64) type 4	(hole:  GLN 590:B iCode=' ', VAL 593:B iCode=' ', TYR 594:B iCode=' ', LYS 597:B iCode=' ' helix 65) packing angle  140.741
67) 756 (LEU 565:B, iCode=' ', helix 64) type 4	(hole:  ASN 586:B iCode=' ', ARG 589:B iCode=' ', GLN 590:B iCode=' ', VAL 593:B iCode=' ' helix 65) packing angle   71.788
knobs in helix 65:
69) 775 (GLN 590:B, iCode=' ', helix 65) type 4	(hole:  LEU 562:B iCode=' ', LEU 565:B iCode=' ', ASP 566:B iCode=' ', ILE 569:B iCode=' ' helix 64) packing angle  151.532
70) 778 (VAL 593:B, iCode=' ', helix 65) type 4	(hole:  MET 558:B iCode=' ', ALA 561:B iCode=' ', LEU 562:B iCode=' ', LEU 565:B iCode=' ' helix 64) packing angle   65.608
knobs in helix 66:
knobs in helix 67:
knobs in helix 68:
knobs in helix 69:
knobs in helix 70:
knobs in helix 71:
knobs in helix 72:
knobs in helix 73:
knobs in helix 74:
89) 898 (ILE 756:B, iCode=' ', helix 74) type 4	(hole:  LYS 776:B iCode=' ', SER 779:B iCode=' ', LEU 780:B iCode=' ', VAL 783:B iCode=' ' helix 75) packing angle  142.685
90) 901 (PHE 759:B, iCode=' ', helix 74) type 4	(hole:  ALA 772:B iCode=' ', PHE 775:B iCode=' ', LYS 776:B iCode=' ', SER 779:B iCode=' ' helix 75) packing angle   70.990
knobs in helix 75:
91) 914 (LYS 776:B, iCode=' ', helix 75) type 4	(hole:  ILE 756:B iCode=' ', PHE 759:B iCode=' ', ASP 760:B iCode=' ', ILE 763:B iCode=' ' helix 74) packing angle  142.076
92) 917 (SER 779:B, iCode=' ', helix 75) type 4	(hole:  ILE 752:B iCode=' ', SER 755:B iCode=' ', ILE 756:B iCode=' ', PHE 759:B iCode=' ' helix 74) packing angle   73.004
knobs in helix 76:
knobs in helix 77:
96) 943 (VAL 811:B, iCode=' ', helix 77) type 4	(hole:  THR 837:B iCode=' ', ARG 840:B iCode=' ', ILE 841:B iCode=' ', ILE 844:B iCode=' ' helix 78) packing angle  148.534
97) 946 (LEU 814:B, iCode=' ', helix 77) type 4	(hole:  ILE 833:B iCode=' ', ASP 836:B iCode=' ', THR 837:B iCode=' ', ARG 840:B iCode=' ' helix 78) packing angle   67.378
98) 950 (SER 818:B, iCode=' ', helix 77) type 4	(hole:  SER 830:B iCode=' ', ILE 833:B iCode=' ', ALA 834:B iCode=' ', THR 837:B iCode=' ' helix 78) packing angle  143.669
knobs in helix 78:
99) 962 (ILE 833:B, iCode=' ', helix 78) type 4	(hole:  LEU 814:B iCode=' ', CYS 817:B iCode=' ', SER 818:B iCode=' ', LEU 821:B iCode=' ' helix 77) packing angle   52.532
100) 966 (THR 837:B, iCode=' ', helix 78) type 4	(hole:  VAL 811:B iCode=' ', LEU 814:B iCode=' ', MET 815:B iCode=' ', SER 818:B iCode=' ' helix 77) packing angle  120.585
101) 969 (ARG 840:B, iCode=' ', helix 78) type 3	(hole:  GLN 807:B iCode=' ', LEU 810:B iCode=' ', VAL 811:B iCode=' ', LEU 814:B iCode=' ' helix 77) packing angle   60.684
knobs in helix 79:
105) 987 (LEU 863:B, iCode=' ', helix 79) type 4	(hole:  ALA 919:B iCode=' ', PHE 922:B iCode=' ', LEU 923:B iCode=' ', ALA 926:B iCode=' ' helix 82) packing angle   62.659
knobs in helix 80:
knobs in helix 81:
knobs in helix 82:
107) 1018 (LEU 923:B, iCode=' ', helix 82) type 4	(hole:  SER 860:B iCode=' ', LEU 863:B iCode=' ', ARG 864:B iCode=' ', ILE 867:B iCode=' ' helix 79) packing angle  156.828
knobs in helix 83:
knobs in helix 84:
knobs in helix 85:
knobs in helix 86:
knobs in helix 87:
knobs in helix 88:
118) 1103 (GLN 1039:B, iCode=' ', helix 88) type 3	(hole:  MET 1059:B iCode=' ', ILE 1062:B iCode=' ', LEU 1063:B iCode=' ', GLN 1066:B iCode=' ' helix 89) packing angle  140.744
knobs in helix 89:
120) 1122 (ILE 1062:B, iCode=' ', helix 89) type 4	(hole:  THR 1035:B iCode=' ', ALA 1038:B iCode=' ', GLN 1039:B iCode=' ', LEU 1042:B iCode=' ' helix 88) packing angle   97.416
121) 1116 (TRP 1056:B, iCode=' ', helix 89) type 3	(hole:  LEU 1075:B iCode=' ', HIS 1078:B iCode=' ', SER 1079:B iCode=' ', LEU 1082:B iCode=' ' helix 90) packing angle   52.226
122) 1120 (ALA 1060:B, iCode=' ', helix 89) type 4	(hole:  SER 1072:B iCode=' ', LEU 1075:B iCode=' ', PHE 1076:B iCode=' ', SER 1079:B iCode=' ' helix 90) packing angle  130.092
knobs in helix 90:
123) 1133 (LEU 1075:B, iCode=' ', helix 90) type 4	(hole:  TRP 1056:B iCode=' ', MET 1059:B iCode=' ', ALA 1060:B iCode=' ', LEU 1063:B iCode=' ' helix 89) packing angle   52.262
124) 1137 (SER 1079:B, iCode=' ', helix 90) type 4	(hole:  SER 1053:B iCode=' ', TRP 1056:B iCode=' ', LEU 1057:B iCode=' ', ALA 1060:B iCode=' ' helix 89) packing angle  127.156
knobs in helix 91:
knobs in helix 92:
129) 1167 (SER 1122:B, iCode=' ', helix 92) type 4	(hole:  ALA 1142:B iCode=' ', THR 1145:B iCode=' ', LEU 1146:B iCode=' ', LEU 1149:B iCode=' ' helix 93) packing angle  131.690
knobs in helix 93:
131) 1186 (THR 1145:B, iCode=' ', helix 93) type 4	(hole:  LEU 1118:B iCode=' ', ALA 1121:B iCode=' ', SER 1122:B iCode=' ', LEU 1125:B iCode=' ' helix 92) packing angle   70.502
133) 1180 (LEU 1139:B, iCode=' ', helix 93) type 4	(hole:  LEU 1158:B iCode=' ', ARG 1161:B iCode=' ', LEU 1162:B iCode=' ', ILE 1165:B iCode=' ' helix 94) packing angle   71.026
134) 1184 (LEU 1143:B, iCode=' ', helix 93) type 4	(hole:  ALA 1155:B iCode=' ', LEU 1158:B iCode=' ', ALA 1159:B iCode=' ', LEU 1162:B iCode=' ' helix 94) packing angle  142.431
knobs in helix 94:
135) 1197 (LEU 1158:B, iCode=' ', helix 94) type 4	(hole:  LEU 1139:B iCode=' ', ALA 1142:B iCode=' ', LEU 1143:B iCode=' ', LEU 1146:B iCode=' ' helix 93) packing angle   63.138
136) 1201 (LEU 1162:B, iCode=' ', helix 94) type 4	(hole:  GLN 1136:B iCode=' ', LEU 1139:B iCode=' ', GLN 1140:B iCode=' ', LEU 1143:B iCode=' ' helix 93) packing angle  134.096
138) 1195 (ASN 1156:B, iCode=' ', helix 94) type 3	(hole:  PHE 1189:B iCode=' ', ILE 1192:B iCode=' ', HIS 1193:B iCode=' ', LEU 1196:B iCode=' ' helix 95) packing angle  145.619
knobs in helix 95:
141) 1228 (ILE 1192:B, iCode=' ', helix 95) type 4	(hole:  TYR 1152:B iCode=' ', ALA 1155:B iCode=' ', ASN 1156:B iCode=' ', ALA 1159:B iCode=' ' helix 94) packing angle   99.935
142) 1226 (ALA 1190:B, iCode=' ', helix 95) type 4	(hole:  SER 1202:B iCode=' ', ASN 1205:B iCode=' ', ALA 1206:B iCode=' ', SER 1209:B iCode=' ' helix 96) packing angle  135.172
knobs in helix 96:
143) 1239 (ASN 1205:B, iCode=' ', helix 96) type 4	(hole:  LYS 1186:B iCode=' ', PHE 1189:B iCode=' ', ALA 1190:B iCode=' ', HIS 1193:B iCode=' ' helix 95) packing angle   55.102
144) 1237 (ILE 1203:B, iCode=' ', helix 96) type 4	(hole:  LEU 1232:B iCode=' ', SER 1235:B iCode=' ', TYR 1236:B iCode=' ', LEU 1239:B iCode=' ' helix 97) packing angle  146.139
145) 1240 (ALA 1206:B, iCode=' ', helix 96) type 4	(hole:  ASN 1228:B iCode=' ', CYS 1231:B iCode=' ', LEU 1232:B iCode=' ', SER 1235:B iCode=' ' helix 97) packing angle   91.806
146) 1244 (GLN 1210:B, iCode=' ', helix 96) type 4	(hole:  LYS 1225:B iCode=' ', ASN 1228:B iCode=' ', HIS 1229:B iCode=' ', LEU 1232:B iCode=' ' helix 97) packing angle  151.425
knobs in helix 97:
148) 1255 (ASN 1228:B, iCode=' ', helix 97) type 4	(hole:  ALA 1206:B iCode=' ', SER 1209:B iCode=' ', GLN 1210:B iCode=' ', ILE 1213:B iCode=' ' helix 96) packing angle  101.053
149) 1259 (LEU 1232:B, iCode=' ', helix 97) type 4	(hole:  ILE 1203:B iCode=' ', ALA 1206:B iCode=' ', ASP 1207:B iCode=' ', GLN 1210:B iCode=' ' helix 96) packing angle  146.060
150) 1262 (SER 1235:B, iCode=' ', helix 97) type 4	(hole:  PHE 1199:B iCode=' ', SER 1202:B iCode=' ', ILE 1203:B iCode=' ', ALA 1206:B iCode=' ' helix 96) packing angle   94.409
knobs in helix 98:
knobs in helix 99:
knobs in helix 100:
152) 1305 (LEU 1286:B, iCode=' ', helix 100) type 4	(hole:  VAL 1299:B iCode=' ', THR 1302:B iCode=' ', ILE 1303:B iCode=' ', MET 1306:B iCode=' ' helix 101) packing angle   71.011
knobs in helix 101:
153) 1318 (ILE 1303:B, iCode=' ', helix 101) type 4	(hole:  LEU 1283:B iCode=' ', LEU 1286:B iCode=' ', THR 1287:B iCode=' ', ILE 1290:B iCode=' ' helix 100) packing angle  135.668
knobs in helix 102:
knobs in helix 103:
knobs in helix 104:
knobs in helix 105:
knobs in helix 106:
knobs in helix 107:
knobs in helix 108:
knobs in helix 109:
knobs in helix 110:
knobs in helix 111:
knobs in helix 112:
knobs in helix 113:
holes in helix 0:
holes in helix 1:
holes in helix 2:
holes in helix 3:
holes in helix 4:
holes in helix 5:
holes in helix 6:
holes in helix 7:
holes in helix 8:
holes in helix 9:
holes in helix 10:
holes in helix 11:
holes in helix 12:
holes in helix 13:
holes in helix 14:
holes in helix 15:
holes in helix 16:
holes in helix 17:
holes in helix 18:
holes in helix 19:
holes in helix 20:
holes in helix 21:
holes in helix 22:
holes in helix 23:
holes in helix 24:
holes in helix 25:
holes in helix 26:
holes in helix 27:
holes in helix 28:
holes in helix 29:
holes in helix 30:
holes in helix 31:
holes in helix 32:
holes in helix 33:
holes in helix 34:
 ASP 1246:A iCode=' ', CYS 1249:A iCode=' ', ARG 1250:A iCode=' ', LYS 1253:A iCode=' ' (knob: 369 (GLN 1272:A, helix 35))
holes in helix 35:
 MET 1268:A iCode=' ', ALA 1271:A iCode=' ', GLN 1272:A iCode=' ', ILE 1275:A iCode=' ' (knob: 348 (CYS 1249:A, helix 34))
holes in helix 36:
 LEU 8:B iCode=' ', ALA 11:B iCode=' ', LYS 12:B iCode=' ', LEU 15:B iCode=' ' (knob: 408 (PHE 43:B, helix 38))
holes in helix 37:
 THR 23:B iCode=' ', ILE 26:B iCode=' ', SER 27:B iCode=' ', VAL 30:B iCode=' ' (knob: 383 (ALA 11:B, helix 36))
 ILE 24:B iCode=' ', SER 27:B iCode=' ', GLU 28:B iCode=' ', LEU 31:B iCode=' ' (knob: 409 (LEU 44:B, helix 38))
holes in helix 38:
 ALA 40:B iCode=' ', PHE 43:B iCode=' ', LEU 44:B iCode=' ', ALA 47:B iCode=' ' (knob: 396 (SER 27:B, helix 37))
holes in helix 39:
holes in helix 40:
 TRP 84:B iCode=' ', LEU 87:B iCode=' ', PHE 88:B iCode=' ', PHE 91:B iCode=' ' (knob: 461 (LEU 109:B, helix 42))
 LEU 81:B iCode=' ', TRP 84:B iCode=' ', LYS 85:B iCode=' ', PHE 88:B iCode=' ' (knob: 465 (TYR 113:B, helix 42))
holes in helix 41:
holes in helix 42:
 LEU 109:B iCode=' ', GLN 112:B iCode=' ', TYR 113:B iCode=' ', ALA 116:B iCode=' ' (knob: 440 (TRP 84:B, helix 40))
 TYR 106:B iCode=' ', LEU 109:B iCode=' ', CYS 110:B iCode=' ', TYR 113:B iCode=' ' (knob: 444 (PHE 88:B, helix 40))
holes in helix 43:
holes in helix 44:
holes in helix 45:
holes in helix 46:
 GLN 167:B iCode=' ', LEU 170:B iCode=' ', LEU 171:B iCode=' ', ILE 174:B iCode=' ' (knob: 547 (LEU 227:B, helix 49))
holes in helix 47:
holes in helix 48:
holes in helix 49:
 LEU 223:B iCode=' ', GLN 226:B iCode=' ', LEU 227:B iCode=' ', ILE 230:B iCode=' ' (knob: 503 (LEU 170:B, helix 46))
 TYR 224:B iCode=' ', LEU 227:B iCode=' ', VAL 228:B iCode=' ', LEU 231:B iCode=' ' (knob: 558 (ILE 240:B, helix 50))
 ASP 221:B iCode=' ', TYR 224:B iCode=' ', ASN 225:B iCode=' ', VAL 228:B iCode=' ' (knob: 562 (TRP 244:B, helix 50))
holes in helix 50:
 ILE 240:B iCode=' ', GLN 243:B iCode=' ', TRP 244:B iCode=' ', TYR 247:B iCode=' ' (knob: 544 (TYR 224:B, helix 49))
 ARG 237:B iCode=' ', ILE 240:B iCode=' ', GLU 241:B iCode=' ', TRP 244:B iCode=' ' (knob: 548 (VAL 228:B, helix 49))
 LEU 245:B iCode=' ', ARG 248:B iCode=' ', ILE 249:B iCode=' ', LEU 252:B iCode=' ' (knob: 583 (VAL 267:B, helix 51))
holes in helix 51:
 PHE 263:B iCode=' ', LYS 266:B iCode=' ', VAL 267:B iCode=' ', MET 270:B iCode=' ' (knob: 566 (ARG 248:B, helix 50))
holes in helix 52:
holes in helix 53:
holes in helix 54:
holes in helix 55:
holes in helix 56:
holes in helix 57:
holes in helix 58:
 LEU 445:B iCode=' ', ILE 448:B iCode=' ', LYS 449:B iCode=' ', ILE 452:B iCode=' ' (knob: 688 (LEU 477:B, helix 59))
holes in helix 59:
 PHE 473:B iCode=' ', ASP 476:B iCode=' ', LEU 477:B iCode=' ', VAL 480:B iCode=' ' (knob: 663 (ILE 448:B, helix 58))
 LEU 475:B iCode=' ', ALA 478:B iCode=' ', THR 479:B iCode=' ', THR 482:B iCode=' ' (knob: 702 (TYR 497:B, helix 60))
holes in helix 60:
 ALA 493:B iCode=' ', LEU 496:B iCode=' ', TYR 497:B iCode=' ', ILE 500:B iCode=' ' (knob: 689 (ALA 478:B, helix 59))
holes in helix 61:
holes in helix 62:
 MET 528:B iCode=' ', LEU 531:B iCode=' ', THR 532:B iCode=' ', HIS 535:B iCode=' ' (knob: 743 (LEU 548:B, helix 63))
holes in helix 63:
 VAL 544:B iCode=' ', GLU 547:B iCode=' ', LEU 548:B iCode=' ', SER 551:B iCode=' ' (knob: 730 (LEU 531:B, helix 62))
holes in helix 64:
 LEU 562:B iCode=' ', LEU 565:B iCode=' ', ASP 566:B iCode=' ', ILE 569:B iCode=' ' (knob: 775 (GLN 590:B, helix 65))
 MET 558:B iCode=' ', ALA 561:B iCode=' ', LEU 562:B iCode=' ', LEU 565:B iCode=' ' (knob: 778 (VAL 593:B, helix 65))
holes in helix 65:
 GLN 590:B iCode=' ', VAL 593:B iCode=' ', TYR 594:B iCode=' ', LYS 597:B iCode=' ' (knob: 753 (LEU 562:B, helix 64))
 ASN 586:B iCode=' ', ARG 589:B iCode=' ', GLN 590:B iCode=' ', VAL 593:B iCode=' ' (knob: 756 (LEU 565:B, helix 64))
holes in helix 66:
holes in helix 67:
holes in helix 68:
holes in helix 69:
holes in helix 70:
holes in helix 71:
holes in helix 72:
holes in helix 73:
holes in helix 74:
 ILE 756:B iCode=' ', PHE 759:B iCode=' ', ASP 760:B iCode=' ', ILE 763:B iCode=' ' (knob: 914 (LYS 776:B, helix 75))
 ILE 752:B iCode=' ', SER 755:B iCode=' ', ILE 756:B iCode=' ', PHE 759:B iCode=' ' (knob: 917 (SER 779:B, helix 75))
holes in helix 75:
 LYS 776:B iCode=' ', SER 779:B iCode=' ', LEU 780:B iCode=' ', VAL 783:B iCode=' ' (knob: 898 (ILE 756:B, helix 74))
 ALA 772:B iCode=' ', PHE 775:B iCode=' ', LYS 776:B iCode=' ', SER 779:B iCode=' ' (knob: 901 (PHE 759:B, helix 74))
holes in helix 76:
holes in helix 77:
 LEU 814:B iCode=' ', CYS 817:B iCode=' ', SER 818:B iCode=' ', LEU 821:B iCode=' ' (knob: 962 (ILE 833:B, helix 78))
 VAL 811:B iCode=' ', LEU 814:B iCode=' ', MET 815:B iCode=' ', SER 818:B iCode=' ' (knob: 966 (THR 837:B, helix 78))
 GLN 807:B iCode=' ', LEU 810:B iCode=' ', VAL 811:B iCode=' ', LEU 814:B iCode=' ' (knob: 969 (ARG 840:B, helix 78))
holes in helix 78:
 THR 837:B iCode=' ', ARG 840:B iCode=' ', ILE 841:B iCode=' ', ILE 844:B iCode=' ' (knob: 943 (VAL 811:B, helix 77))
 ILE 833:B iCode=' ', ASP 836:B iCode=' ', THR 837:B iCode=' ', ARG 840:B iCode=' ' (knob: 946 (LEU 814:B, helix 77))
 SER 830:B iCode=' ', ILE 833:B iCode=' ', ALA 834:B iCode=' ', THR 837:B iCode=' ' (knob: 950 (SER 818:B, helix 77))
holes in helix 79:
 SER 860:B iCode=' ', LEU 863:B iCode=' ', ARG 864:B iCode=' ', ILE 867:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1018 (LEU 923:B, helix 82))
holes in helix 80:
holes in helix 81:
holes in helix 82:
 ALA 919:B iCode=' ', PHE 922:B iCode=' ', LEU 923:B iCode=' ', ALA 926:B iCode=' ' (knob: 987 (LEU 863:B, helix 79))
holes in helix 83:
holes in helix 84:
holes in helix 85:
holes in helix 86:
holes in helix 87:
holes in helix 88:
 THR 1035:B iCode=' ', ALA 1038:B iCode=' ', GLN 1039:B iCode=' ', LEU 1042:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1122 (ILE 1062:B, helix 89))
holes in helix 89:
 MET 1059:B iCode=' ', ILE 1062:B iCode=' ', LEU 1063:B iCode=' ', GLN 1066:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1103 (GLN 1039:B, helix 88))
 TRP 1056:B iCode=' ', MET 1059:B iCode=' ', ALA 1060:B iCode=' ', LEU 1063:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1133 (LEU 1075:B, helix 90))
 SER 1053:B iCode=' ', TRP 1056:B iCode=' ', LEU 1057:B iCode=' ', ALA 1060:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1137 (SER 1079:B, helix 90))
holes in helix 90:
 LEU 1075:B iCode=' ', HIS 1078:B iCode=' ', SER 1079:B iCode=' ', LEU 1082:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1116 (TRP 1056:B, helix 89))
 SER 1072:B iCode=' ', LEU 1075:B iCode=' ', PHE 1076:B iCode=' ', SER 1079:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1120 (ALA 1060:B, helix 89))
holes in helix 91:
holes in helix 92:
 LEU 1118:B iCode=' ', ALA 1121:B iCode=' ', SER 1122:B iCode=' ', LEU 1125:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1186 (THR 1145:B, helix 93))
holes in helix 93:
 ALA 1142:B iCode=' ', THR 1145:B iCode=' ', LEU 1146:B iCode=' ', LEU 1149:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1167 (SER 1122:B, helix 92))
 LEU 1139:B iCode=' ', ALA 1142:B iCode=' ', LEU 1143:B iCode=' ', LEU 1146:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1197 (LEU 1158:B, helix 94))
 GLN 1136:B iCode=' ', LEU 1139:B iCode=' ', GLN 1140:B iCode=' ', LEU 1143:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1201 (LEU 1162:B, helix 94))
holes in helix 94:
 LEU 1158:B iCode=' ', ARG 1161:B iCode=' ', LEU 1162:B iCode=' ', ILE 1165:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1180 (LEU 1139:B, helix 93))
 ALA 1155:B iCode=' ', LEU 1158:B iCode=' ', ALA 1159:B iCode=' ', LEU 1162:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1184 (LEU 1143:B, helix 93))
 TYR 1152:B iCode=' ', ALA 1155:B iCode=' ', ASN 1156:B iCode=' ', ALA 1159:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1228 (ILE 1192:B, helix 95))
holes in helix 95:
 PHE 1189:B iCode=' ', ILE 1192:B iCode=' ', HIS 1193:B iCode=' ', LEU 1196:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1195 (ASN 1156:B, helix 94))
 LYS 1186:B iCode=' ', PHE 1189:B iCode=' ', ALA 1190:B iCode=' ', HIS 1193:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1239 (ASN 1205:B, helix 96))
holes in helix 96:
 SER 1202:B iCode=' ', ASN 1205:B iCode=' ', ALA 1206:B iCode=' ', SER 1209:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1226 (ALA 1190:B, helix 95))
 ALA 1206:B iCode=' ', SER 1209:B iCode=' ', GLN 1210:B iCode=' ', ILE 1213:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1255 (ASN 1228:B, helix 97))
 ILE 1203:B iCode=' ', ALA 1206:B iCode=' ', ASP 1207:B iCode=' ', GLN 1210:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1259 (LEU 1232:B, helix 97))
 PHE 1199:B iCode=' ', SER 1202:B iCode=' ', ILE 1203:B iCode=' ', ALA 1206:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1262 (SER 1235:B, helix 97))
holes in helix 97:
 LEU 1232:B iCode=' ', SER 1235:B iCode=' ', TYR 1236:B iCode=' ', LEU 1239:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1237 (ILE 1203:B, helix 96))
 ASN 1228:B iCode=' ', CYS 1231:B iCode=' ', LEU 1232:B iCode=' ', SER 1235:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1240 (ALA 1206:B, helix 96))
 LYS 1225:B iCode=' ', ASN 1228:B iCode=' ', HIS 1229:B iCode=' ', LEU 1232:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1244 (GLN 1210:B, helix 96))
holes in helix 98:
holes in helix 99:
holes in helix 100:
 LEU 1283:B iCode=' ', LEU 1286:B iCode=' ', THR 1287:B iCode=' ', ILE 1290:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1318 (ILE 1303:B, helix 101))
holes in helix 101:
 VAL 1299:B iCode=' ', THR 1302:B iCode=' ', ILE 1303:B iCode=' ', MET 1306:B iCode=' ' (knob: 1305 (LEU 1286:B, helix 100))
holes in helix 102:
holes in helix 103:
holes in helix 104:
holes in helix 105:
holes in helix 106:
holes in helix 107:
holes in helix 108:
holes in helix 109:
holes in helix 110:
holes in helix 111:
holes in helix 112:
holes in helix 113:

knob   0 (residue 1401 = VAL 1425:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   1 (residue 86 = LEU 341:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   2 (residue 90 = VAL 360:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   3 (residue 111 = PHE 392:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   4 (residue 204 = GLU 689:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   5 (residue 239 = ILE 811:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   6 (residue 272 = CYS 1119:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   7 (residue 275 = VAL 1128:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   8 (residue 285 = ALA 1148:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   9 (residue 280 = PRO 1143:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  10 (residue 283 = ILE 1146:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  11 (residue 317 = LEU 1204:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  12 (residue 348 = CYS 1249:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  13 (residue 352 = LYS 1253:A iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  14 (residue 369 = GLN 1272:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  15 (residue 372 = ILE 1275:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  16 (residue 383 = ALA 11:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 3
knob  17 (residue 399 = VAL 30:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  18 (residue 408 = PHE 43:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 3
knob  19 (residue 396 = SER 27:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 3
knob  20 (residue 409 = LEU 44:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  21 (residue 412 = ALA 47:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  22 (residue 406 = HIS 41:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  23 (residue 413 = LEU 48:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  24 (residue 437 = LEU 81:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  25 (residue 440 = TRP 84:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  26 (residue 444 = PHE 88:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  27 (residue 461 = LEU 109:B iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  28 (residue 465 = TYR 113:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  29 (residue 475 = LEU 127:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  30 (residue 537 = ILE 214:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  31 (residue 503 = LEU 170:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  32 (residue 507 = ILE 174:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  33 (residue 540 = ILE 220:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  34 (residue 547 = LEU 227:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  35 (residue 541 = ASP 221:B iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  36 (residue 544 = TYR 224:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  37 (residue 548 = VAL 228:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  38 (residue 558 = ILE 240:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  39 (residue 562 = TRP 244:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  40 (residue 563 = LEU 245:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  41 (residue 566 = ARG 248:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  42 (residue 570 = LEU 252:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  43 (residue 583 = VAL 267:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  44 (residue 594 = LEU 283:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  45 (residue 587 = VAL 271:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  46 (residue 602 = TRP 291:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  47 (residue 608 = TYR 308:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  48 (residue 616 = ILE 320:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  49 (residue 652 = TYR 434:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  50 (residue 662 = TYR 447:B iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  51 (residue 663 = ILE 448:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  52 (residue 667 = ILE 452:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  53 (residue 688 = LEU 477:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  54 (residue 691 = VAL 480:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  55 (residue 689 = ALA 478:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  56 (residue 702 = TYR 497:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  57 (residue 705 = ILE 500:B iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  58 (residue 716 = LYS 514:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  59 (residue 719 = ILE 517:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  60 (residue 730 = LEU 531:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  61 (residue 743 = LEU 548:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  62 (residue 746 = SER 551:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  63 (residue 759 = VAL 568:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  64 (residue 741 = SER 546:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  65 (residue 749 = MET 558:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  66 (residue 753 = LEU 562:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  67 (residue 756 = LEU 565:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  68 (residue 760 = ILE 569:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  69 (residue 775 = GLN 590:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  70 (residue 778 = VAL 593:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  71 (residue 772 = LEU 587:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  72 (residue 779 = TYR 594:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  73 (residue 792 = LEU 615:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  74 (residue 799 = ILE 622:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  75 (residue 806 = THR 632:B iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  76 (residue 807 = LEU 633:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  77 (residue 810 = ILE 636:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  78 (residue 804 = PHE 630:B iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  79 (residue 831 = ALA 664:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  80 (residue 834 = TYR 667:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  81 (residue 856 = TRP 703:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  82 (residue 842 = TRP 678:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  83 (residue 860 = VAL 707:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  84 (residue 861 = VAL 708:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  85 (residue 858 = PHE 705:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  86 (residue 888 = LEU 742:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  87 (residue 891 = ALA 745:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  88 (residue 885 = TRP 739:B iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  89 (residue 898 = ILE 756:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  90 (residue 901 = PHE 759:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  91 (residue 914 = LYS 776:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  92 (residue 917 = SER 779:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  93 (residue 928 = ILE 792:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  94 (residue 922 = TYR 786:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  95 (residue 945 = VAL 813:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  96 (residue 943 = VAL 811:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  97 (residue 946 = LEU 814:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  98 (residue 950 = SER 818:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  99 (residue 962 = ILE 833:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 100 (residue 966 = THR 837:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 101 (residue 969 = ARG 840:B iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 102 (residue 982 = TYR 858:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 103 (residue 967 = ILE 838:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 104 (residue 990 = PHE 866:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 105 (residue 987 = LEU 863:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 106 (residue 991 = ILE 867:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 107 (residue 1018 = LEU 923:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 108 (residue 1021 = ALA 926:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 109 (residue 1000 = PHE 885:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 110 (residue 1017 = PHE 922:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 111 (residue 1038 = GLU 955:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 112 (residue 1069 = LEU 992:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 113 (residue 1066 = TRP 989:B iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 114 (residue 1092 = LEU 1025:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 115 (residue 1095 = LEU 1028:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 116 (residue 1093 = ALA 1026:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 117 (residue 1109 = LEU 1045:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 118 (residue 1103 = GLN 1039:B iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 119 (residue 1119 = MET 1059:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 120 (residue 1122 = ILE 1062:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 121 (residue 1116 = TRP 1056:B iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 122 (residue 1120 = ALA 1060:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 123 (residue 1133 = LEU 1075:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 124 (residue 1137 = SER 1079:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 125 (residue 1151 = ASN 1097:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 126 (residue 1145 = GLN 1091:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 127 (residue 1148 = TYR 1094:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 128 (residue 1182 = CYS 1141:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 129 (residue 1167 = SER 1122:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 130 (residue 1170 = LEU 1125:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 131 (residue 1186 = THR 1145:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 132 (residue 1190 = LEU 1149:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 133 (residue 1180 = LEU 1139:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 134 (residue 1184 = LEU 1143:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 135 (residue 1197 = LEU 1158:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 136 (residue 1201 = LEU 1162:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 137 (residue 1224 = GLN 1188:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 138 (residue 1195 = ASN 1156:B iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 139 (residue 1218 = PHE 1182:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 140 (residue 1225 = PHE 1189:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 141 (residue 1228 = ILE 1192:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 142 (residue 1226 = ALA 1190:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 143 (residue 1239 = ASN 1205:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 144 (residue 1237 = ILE 1203:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 145 (residue 1240 = ALA 1206:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 146 (residue 1244 = GLN 1210:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 147 (residue 1247 = ILE 1213:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 148 (residue 1255 = ASN 1228:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 149 (residue 1259 = LEU 1232:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 150 (residue 1262 = SER 1235:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 151 (residue 1256 = HIS 1229:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 152 (residue 1305 = LEU 1286:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 153 (residue 1318 = ILE 1303:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 154 (residue 1321 = MET 1306:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 155 (residue 1332 = ILE 1319:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 156 (residue 1347 = LEU 1342:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 157 (residue 1333 = LEU 1320:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 158 (residue 1355 = LEU 1350:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 159 (residue 1397 = LEU 1417:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 160 (residue 1404 = LEU 1428:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1

coiled coil  0:  2 helices  34 35	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  1:  2 helices  36 38	frequency 1 IGNORING (subset of coiled coil 22)
coiled coil  2:  2 helices  37 38	frequency 1 IGNORING (subset of coiled coil 22)
coiled coil  3:  2 helices  40 42	frequency 2
coiled coil  4:  2 helices  46 49	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  5:  2 helices  49 50	frequency 2
coiled coil  6:  2 helices  50 51	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  7:  2 helices  58 59	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  8:  2 helices  59 60	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  9:  2 helices  62 63	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 10:  2 helices  64 65	frequency 2
coiled coil 11:  2 helices  74 75	frequency 2
coiled coil 12:  2 helices  77 78	frequency 3
coiled coil 13:  2 helices  79 82	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 14:  2 helices  88 89	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 15:  2 helices  89 90	frequency 2
coiled coil 16:  2 helices  92 93	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 17:  2 helices  93 94	frequency 2
coiled coil 18:  2 helices  94 95	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 19:  2 helices  95 96	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 20:  2 helices  96 97	frequency 3
coiled coil 21:  2 helices 100101	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 22:  3 helices  36 37 38	frequency 1

helix 34 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 35 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 36 is in a 3-stranded coiled coil
helix 37 is in a 3-stranded coiled coil
helix 38 is in a 3-stranded coiled coil
helix 40 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 42 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 46 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 49 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 50 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 51 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 58 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 59 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 60 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 62 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 63 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 64 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 65 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 74 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 75 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 77 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 78 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 79 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 82 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 88 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 89 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 90 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 92 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 93 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 94 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 95 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 96 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 97 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 100 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 101 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil

daisy chain  0 is in coiled coil 22


coiled coil  3:
	angle between helices 40 and 42 is  136.869	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


4buj_1.mmol  7.0 0 coiled coil (i) 3 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 11 mean 11.00):


assigning heptad to helix 40 (X) 81-93:B
extent of coiled coil packing:  81- 91:B
sequence LLAWKGLFLLFRT
register abcdefgabcd  
partner  Y--Y---Y-----
knobtype 2--4---4-----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


assigning heptad to helix 42 (Y) 103-120:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 106-116:B
sequence YDEYFDLCGQYADALLKQ
register    abcdefgabcd    
partner  ------X---X-------
knobtype ------3---4-------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


coiled coil  5:
	angle between helices 49 and 50 is  172.114	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


4buj_1.mmol  7.0 0 coiled coil (ii) 5 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 11 mean 11.00):


assigning heptad to helix 49 (X) 220-231:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 221-231:B
sequence IDQLYNQLVNIL
register  abcdefgabcd
partner  !Y--Y--!Y---
knobtype 21--4--44---
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


assigning heptad to helix 50 (Y) 234-254:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 237-247:B
sequence DQKRSEIENQWLEYRIKVLKS
register    abcdefgabcd       
partner  ------X---X!--!---!--
knobtype ------4---42--4---2--
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


coiled coil 10:
	angle between helices 64 and 65 is  154.993	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


4buj_1.mmol  7.0 0 coiled coil (iii) 10 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 12 mean 12.00):


assigning heptad to helix 64 (X) 558-570:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 558-569:B
sequence MDEALAGLDTVIK
register defgabcdefga 
partner  Y---Y--Y--!Y-
knobtype 2---4--4--22-
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 65 (Y) 577-599:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 586-597:B
sequence LRSIDFRALNLWRQAKVYIMKHA
register          defgabcdefga  
partner  ----------!--X--X!-----
knobtype ----------2--4--42-----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


coiled coil 11:
	angle between helices 74 and 75 is  148.366	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


4buj_1.mmol  7.0 0 coiled coil (iv) 11 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 12 mean 12.00):


assigning heptad to helix 74 (X) 752-765:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 752-763:B
sequence IEASIKVFDKAIQL
register defgabcdefga  
partner  ----Y--Y------
knobtype ----4--4------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 75 (Y) 770-783:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 772-783:B
sequence TFAQYFKAISLCDV
register   defgabcdefga
partner  ------X--X----
knobtype ------4--4----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


coiled coil 12:
	angle between helices 77 and 78 is  172.403	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


4buj_1.mmol  7.0 0 coiled coil (v) 12 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 15 mean 15.00):


assigning heptad to helix 77 (X) 804-823:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 807-821:B
sequence ESFQIGLVEVLMRCSLDLYS
register    defgabcdefgabcd  
partner  -------Y-!Y---Y-----
knobtype -------4-24---4-----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 4,7,4


assigning heptad to helix 78 (Y) 827-847:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 830-844:B
sequence LLKSVSIAKDTIERIKIIISE
register    abcdefgabcdefga   
partner  ------X---X!-X-------
knobtype ------4---42-3-------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 7,7,1


coiled coil 15:
	angle between helices 89 and 90 is  166.823	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


4buj_1.mmol  7.0 0 coiled coil (vi) 15 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 11 mean 11.00):


assigning heptad to helix 89 (X) 1053-1066:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 1053-1063:B
sequence SSPWLGMALILEEQ
register abcdefgabcd   
partner  ---Y--!Y-!----
knobtype ---3--24-4----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


assigning heptad to helix 90 (Y) 1069-1083:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 1072-1082:B
sequence IIGSSKLFAHSFILS
register    abcdefgabcd 
partner  ------X---X----
knobtype ------4---4----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


coiled coil 17:
	angle between helices 93 and 94 is  170.081	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


4buj_1.mmol  7.0 0 coiled coil (vii) 17 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 11 mean 11.00):


assigning heptad to helix 93 (X) 1136-1149:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 1136-1146:B
sequence QFALQCALLTLERL
register abcdefgabcd   
partner  ---Y-!-Y-!---!
knobtype ---4-2-4-4---2
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


assigning heptad to helix 94 (Y) 1152-1172:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 1155-1165:B
sequence YENANELANRLIGILEKKFEK
register    abcdefgabcd       
partner  ----!-X---X----------
knobtype ----3-4---4----------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


coiled coil 20:
	angle between helices 96 and 97 is  158.542	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


4buj_1.mmol  7.0 0 coiled coil (viii) 20 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 15 mean 15.00):


assigning heptad to helix 96 (X) 1199-1213:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 1199-1213:B
sequence FELSIENADLSQGII
register defgabcdefgabcd
partner  ----Y-!Y---Y--Y
knobtype ----4-44---4--2
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 4,7,4


assigning heptad to helix 97 (Y) 1221-1239:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 1225-1239:B
sequence SMKTKISNHICLGLSYFFL
register     abcdefgabcdefga
partner  -------X!--X--X----
knobtype -------42--4--4----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 7,7,1


coiled coil 22:
	angle between helices 36 and 37 is  175.575	antiparallel
	angle between helices 36 and 38 is   24.739	parallel
	angle between helices 37 and 38 is  153.682	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


4buj_1.mmol  7.0 0 coiled coil (ix) 22 (antiparallel 3-stranded, length max 8 mean  8.00):


assigning heptad to helix 36 (X) 1-16:B
extent of coiled coil packing:   8- 15:B
sequence MSDIKQLLKEAKQELT
register        abcdefga 
partner  ----------Y-----
knobtype ----------4-----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in   8 residues: 7,1


assigning heptad to helix 37 (Y) 20-33:B
extent of coiled coil packing:  23- 30:B
sequence YEETIEISEKVLKL
register    defgabcd   
partner  -------Z--X---
knobtype -------4--2---
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in   8 residues: 4,4


assigning heptad to helix 38 (Z) 38-50:B
extent of coiled coil packing:  40- 47:B
sequence YFAHIFLGKALSS
register   abcdefga   
partner  ---!-XY--Y!--
knobtype ---2-44--22--
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in   8 residues: 7,1
4buj_1.mmol c  7.00 e 0 result 9 COILED COILS PRESENT (+ 14 helix groups are either pairs with too few complementary knob in hole interactions or are subsets of larger coiled coils)
Finished
