SOCKET v3.02 02-11-01 John Walshaw, University of Sussex
using cutoff of  7.0 Angstroms for centre of mass distances

attempting to open "/fs/ccplus/data/ji/4jio/structures/4jio_1.mmol"
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/ji/4jio/structures/4jio_1.mmol" (input)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/ji/4jio/dssp/4jio_1.mmol.dssp" (input)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/ji/4jio/rasmol/4jio_1.mmol.70.spt" (output)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/ji/4jio/socket/4jio_1.mmol.70.long.socket" (output)
Found beginning of residue data



There are 246 alpha-helical residues in this structure

chain A starts at residue  367, iCode=' '
residue 0 (GLU 370:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4 (GLU 370A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1 (ILE 371:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9 (ILE 371A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2 (TYR 372:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14 (TYR 372A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 3 (GLU 373:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 19 (GLU 373A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 4 (LYS 374:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 24 (LYS 374A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 5 (GLU 375:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 29 (GLU 375A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 6 (SER 376:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 34 (SER 376A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 7 (ILE 377:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 39 (ILE 377A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 8 (TYR 378:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 44 (TYR 378A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 9 (SER 379:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 49 (SER 379A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 10 (GLU 380:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 54 (GLU 380A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 11 (GLU 381:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 59 (GLU 381A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 12 (LYS 382:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 64 (LYS 382A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 14 (GLN 384:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 74 (GLN 384A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 15 (LEU 385:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 79 (LEU 385A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 16 (LEU 386:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 84 (LEU 386A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 17 (ARG 387:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 89 (ARG 387A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 18 (LYS 388:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 94 (LYS 388A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 19 (GLU 389:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 99 (GLU 389A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 21 (GLU 391:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 112 (GLU 391A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 22 (SER 392:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 117 (SER 392A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 23 (VAL 393:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 122 (VAL 393A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 24 (GLU 394:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 127 (GLU 394A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 25 (THR 395:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 132 (THR 395A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 27 (ASP 397:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 142 (ASP 397A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 28 (LEU 398:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 147 (LEU 398A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 29 (GLU 399:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 152 (GLU 399A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 30 (TYR 400:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 157 (TYR 400A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 31 (THR 401:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 162 (THR 401A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 32 (SER 402:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 167 (SER 402A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 33 (PHE 403:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 172 (PHE 403A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 34 (VAL 404:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 177 (VAL 404A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 35 (GLU 405:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 182 (GLU 405A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 36 (PHE 406:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 187 (PHE 406A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 37 (THR 407:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 192 (THR 407A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 38 (LEU 409:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 197 (LEU 409A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 39 (PRO 410:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 202 (PRO 410A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 40 (LYS 411:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 207 (LYS 411A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 41 (LEU 412:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 212 (LEU 412A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 42 (ILE 413:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 217 (ILE 413A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 43 (ASN 414:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 222 (ASN 414A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 44 (ASP 415:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 227 (ASP 415A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 45 (LEU 416:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 232 (LEU 416A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 49 (TYR 420:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 252 (TYR 420A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 50 (GLN 432:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 257 (GLN 432A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 51 (LEU 433:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 262 (LEU 433A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 52 (GLU 434:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 267 (GLU 434A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 55 (ARG 437:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 288 (ARG 437A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 56 (ASP 438:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 293 (ASP 438A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 57 (GLN 439:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 298 (GLN 439A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 58 (ILE 440:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 303 (ILE 440A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 59 (LYS 441:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 308 (LYS 441A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 60 (SER 442:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 313 (SER 442A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 61 (TRP 443:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 318 (TRP 443A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 63 (TYR 445:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 328 (TYR 445A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 65 (VAL 447:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 338 (VAL 447A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 66 (GLN 448:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 343 (GLN 448A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 67 (GLN 449:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 348 (GLN 449A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 68 (ILE 458:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 353 (ILE 458A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 69 (ILE 459:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 358 (ILE 459A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 70 (ASN 460:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 363 (ASN 460A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 71 (VAL 461:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 368 (VAL 461A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 72 (ILE 462:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 373 (ILE 462A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 73 (SER 463:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 378 (SER 463A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 74 (SER 464:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 383 (SER 464A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 75 (LYS 465:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 388 (LYS 465A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 76 (ARG 466:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 393 (ARG 466A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 77 (LYS 467:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 398 (LYS 467A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 78 (GLU 468:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 403 (GLU 468A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 79 (ILE 469:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 408 (ILE 469A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 80 (LEU 470:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 413 (LEU 470A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 81 (ASP 471:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 418 (ASP 471A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 82 (ILE 472:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 423 (ILE 472A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 83 (LEU 473:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 428 (LEU 473A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 84 (LYS 481:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 433 (LYS 481A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 85 (GLU 482:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 438 (GLU 482A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 86 (ASN 483:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 443 (ASN 483A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 87 (ILE 484:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 448 (ILE 484A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 88 (LEU 485:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 453 (LEU 485A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 89 (LYS 486:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 458 (LYS 486A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 90 (LEU 487:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 463 (LEU 487A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 91 (LYS 488:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 468 (LYS 488A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 93 (SER 490:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 478 (SER 490A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 94 (LEU 491:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 483 (LEU 491A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 95 (VAL 492:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 488 (VAL 492A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 96 (GLU 493:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 493 (GLU 493A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 98 (SER 495:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 503 (SER 495A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 99 (GLN 496:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 508 (GLN 496A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 100 (SER 497:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 513 (SER 497A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 101 (ASP 498:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 518 (ASP 498A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 102 (GLU 499:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 523 (GLU 499A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 103 (LYS 500:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 528 (LYS 500A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 104 (LEU 501:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 533 (LEU 501A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 105 (ILE 505:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 538 (ILE 505A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 106 (LYS 506:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 543 (LYS 506A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 107 (PRO 507:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 548 (PRO 507A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 108 (TYR 508:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 553 (TYR 508A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 109 (VAL 509:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 558 (VAL 509A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 111 (GLU 511:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 568 (GLU 511A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 112 (ILE 512:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 573 (ILE 512A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 113 (LYS 513:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 578 (LYS 513A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 114 (LEU 514:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 583 (LEU 514A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 115 (CYS 516:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 588 (CYS 516A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 116 (ASN 517:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 593 (ASN 517A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 117 (ASP 518:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 598 (ASP 518A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 118 (SER 519:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 603 (SER 519A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 119 (SER 520:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 608 (SER 520A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 120 (LEU 521:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 613 (LEU 521A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 121 (TRP 522:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 618 (TRP 522A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 122 (ARG 523:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 623 (ARG 523A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 123 (LYS 524:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 628 (LYS 524A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 124 (PHE 525:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 633 (PHE 525A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 125 (THR 546:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 638 (THR 546A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 126 (GLU 547:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 643 (GLU 547A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 127 (LEU 548:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 648 (LEU 548A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 128 (ILE 549:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 653 (ILE 549A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 129 (LEU 550:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 658 (LEU 550A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 130 (SER 551:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 663 (SER 551A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 131 (LYS 552:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 668 (LYS 552A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 132 (LEU 553:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 673 (LEU 553A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 133 (LYS 554:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 678 (LYS 554A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 135 (ILE 556:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 688 (ILE 556A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 136 (THR 557:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 693 (THR 557A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 137 (GLN 558:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 698 (GLN 558A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 138 (PHE 559:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 703 (PHE 559A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 140 (GLU 561:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 713 (GLU 561A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 141 (ASP 562:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 718 (ASP 562A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 142 (LEU 563:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 723 (LEU 563A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 143 (ARG 564:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 728 (ARG 564A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 144 (LEU 565:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 733 (LEU 565A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 145 (LEU 566:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 738 (LEU 566A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 146 (LYS 567:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 743 (LYS 567A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 147 (GLU 568:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 748 (GLU 568A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 148 (GLU 569:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 753 (GLU 569A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 149 (ARG 570:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 758 (ARG 570A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 151 (ARG 572:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 768 (ARG 572A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 152 (THR 573:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 773 (THR 573A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 155 (GLU 576:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 790 (GLU 576A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 156 (LEU 577:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 795 (LEU 577A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 157 (LYS 578:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 800 (LYS 578A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 158 (ASP 579:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 805 (ASP 579A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 159 (TYR 580:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 810 (TYR 580A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 160 (VAL 581:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 815 (VAL 581A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 161 (SER 604:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 820 (SER 604A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 162 (LEU 605:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 825 (LEU 605A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 163 (PHE 606:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 830 (PHE 606A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 164 (GLU 607:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 835 (GLU 607A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 165 (SER 608:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 840 (SER 608A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 166 (GLU 609:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 845 (GLU 609A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 167 (LEU 610:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 850 (LEU 610A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 168 (GLU 614:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 855 (GLU 614A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 169 (PRO 615:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 860 (PRO 615A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 170 (LEU 616:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 865 (LEU 616A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 171 (THR 617:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 870 (THR 617A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 172 (THR 618:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 875 (THR 618A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 173 (ARG 619:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 880 (ARG 619A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 174 (ILE 620:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 885 (ILE 620A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 175 (GLU 621:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 890 (GLU 621A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 177 (THR 623:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 900 (THR 623A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 178 (ILE 624:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 905 (ILE 624A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 179 (PHE 625:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 910 (PHE 625A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 180 (LYS 626:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 915 (LYS 626A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 181 (GLN 627:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 920 (GLN 627A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 183 (SER 629:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 929 (SER 629A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 184 (THR 630:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 934 (THR 630A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 185 (ILE 631:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 939 (ILE 631A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 186 (ASN 632:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 944 (ASN 632A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 188 (VAL 634:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 953 (VAL 634A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 189 (LYS 635:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 958 (LYS 635A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 190 (ILE 636:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 963 (ILE 636A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 191 (GLU 637:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 968 (GLU 637A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 192 (LEU 638:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 973 (LEU 638A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 193 (ASP 639:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 978 (ASP 639A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 194 (ASN 640:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 983 (ASN 640A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 195 (ILE 641:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 988 (ILE 641A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 196 (PHE 642:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 993 (PHE 642A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 198 (LEU 644:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1002 (LEU 644A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 199 (THR 645:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1007 (THR 645A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 200 (GLU 653:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1012 (GLU 653A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 201 (GLU 654:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1017 (GLU 654A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 202 (GLN 655:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1022 (GLN 655A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 203 (LYS 656:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1027 (LYS 656A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 205 (GLU 658:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1037 (GLU 658A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 206 (LEU 659:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1042 (LEU 659A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 207 (GLU 660:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1047 (GLU 660A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 208 (ARG 661:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1052 (ARG 661A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 209 (LYS 662:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1057 (LYS 662A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 210 (LEU 663:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1062 (LEU 663A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 211 (PHE 664:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1067 (PHE 664A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 212 (PHE 665:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1072 (PHE 665A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 213 (LEU 668:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1077 (LEU 668A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 214 (GLU 669:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1082 (GLU 669A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 215 (GLU 670:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1087 (GLU 670A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 217 (THR 672:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1097 (THR 672A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 218 (THR 673:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1102 (THR 673A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 219 (LYS 674:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1107 (LYS 674A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 220 (PHE 675:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1112 (PHE 675A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 221 (THR 676:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1117 (THR 676A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 222 (ILE 677:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1122 (ILE 677A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 223 (PHE 678:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1127 (PHE 678A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 224 (SER 679:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1132 (SER 679A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 225 (SER 680:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1137 (SER 680A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 226 (ASP 681:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1142 (ASP 681A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 227 (ILE 682:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1147 (ILE 682A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 228 (GLN 683:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1152 (GLN 683A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 229 (LYS 684:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1157 (LYS 684A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 231 (LEU 686:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1166 (LEU 686A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 232 (ASN 687:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1171 (ASN 687A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 233 (PHE 688:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1176 (PHE 688A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 234 (TYR 689:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1181 (TYR 689A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 235 (ASN 690:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1186 (ASN 690A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 236 (SER 691:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1191 (SER 691A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 237 (LEU 692:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1196 (LEU 692A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 238 (LEU 693:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1201 (LEU 693A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 239 (LYS 694:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1206 (LYS 694A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 241 (SER 696:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1219 (SER 696A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 242 (LYS 697:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1224 (LYS 697A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 243 (ASP 698:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1229 (ASP 698A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 244 (LEU 699:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1234 (LEU 699A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 245 (GLN 700:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1239 (GLN 700A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue

These are the knobs and holes:

knobs in helix 0:
knobs in helix 1:
knobs in helix 2:
knobs in helix 3:
knobs in helix 4:
knobs in helix 5:
knobs in helix 6:
knobs in helix 7:
1) 131 (LYS 552:A, iCode=' ', helix 7) type 4	(hole:  GLU 637:A iCode=' ', ASN 640:A iCode=' ', ILE 641:A iCode=' ', LEU 644:A iCode=' ' helix 9) packing angle   67.597
2) 135 (ILE 556:A, iCode=' ', helix 7) type 4	(hole:  VAL 634:A iCode=' ', GLU 637:A iCode=' ', LEU 638:A iCode=' ', ILE 641:A iCode=' ' helix 9) packing angle  137.556
3) 142 (LEU 563:A, iCode=' ', helix 7) type 4	(hole:  GLN 627:A iCode=' ', THR 630:A iCode=' ', ILE 631:A iCode=' ', VAL 634:A iCode=' ' helix 9) packing angle  148.618
knobs in helix 8:
knobs in helix 9:
7) 184 (THR 630:A, iCode=' ', helix 9) type 4	(hole:  PHE 559:A iCode=' ', ASP 562:A iCode=' ', LEU 563:A iCode=' ', LEU 566:A iCode=' ' helix 7) packing angle   79.453
9) 191 (GLU 637:A, iCode=' ', helix 9) type 4	(hole:  LYS 552:A iCode=' ', ALA 555:A iCode=' ', ILE 556:A iCode=' ', PHE 559:A iCode=' ' helix 7) packing angle   60.740
10) 195 (ILE 641:A, iCode=' ', helix 9) type 4	(hole:  ILE 549:A iCode=' ', LYS 552:A iCode=' ', LEU 553:A iCode=' ', ILE 556:A iCode=' ' helix 7) packing angle  135.453
knobs in helix 10:
knobs in helix 11:
holes in helix 0:
holes in helix 1:
holes in helix 2:
holes in helix 3:
holes in helix 4:
holes in helix 5:
holes in helix 6:
holes in helix 7:
 PHE 559:A iCode=' ', ASP 562:A iCode=' ', LEU 563:A iCode=' ', LEU 566:A iCode=' ' (knob: 184 (THR 630:A, helix 9))
 LYS 552:A iCode=' ', ALA 555:A iCode=' ', ILE 556:A iCode=' ', PHE 559:A iCode=' ' (knob: 191 (GLU 637:A, helix 9))
 ILE 549:A iCode=' ', LYS 552:A iCode=' ', LEU 553:A iCode=' ', ILE 556:A iCode=' ' (knob: 195 (ILE 641:A, helix 9))
holes in helix 8:
holes in helix 9:
 GLU 637:A iCode=' ', ASN 640:A iCode=' ', ILE 641:A iCode=' ', LEU 644:A iCode=' ' (knob: 131 (LYS 552:A, helix 7))
 VAL 634:A iCode=' ', GLU 637:A iCode=' ', LEU 638:A iCode=' ', ILE 641:A iCode=' ' (knob: 135 (ILE 556:A, helix 7))
 GLN 627:A iCode=' ', THR 630:A iCode=' ', ILE 631:A iCode=' ', VAL 634:A iCode=' ' (knob: 142 (LEU 563:A, helix 7))
holes in helix 10:
holes in helix 11:

knob   0 (residue 109 = VAL 509:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   1 (residue 131 = LYS 552:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob   2 (residue 135 = ILE 556:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob   3 (residue 142 = LEU 563:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob   4 (residue 145 = LEU 566:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   5 (residue 152 = THR 573:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   6 (residue 177 = THR 623:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   7 (residue 184 = THR 630:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob   8 (residue 188 = VAL 634:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   9 (residue 191 = GLU 637:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  10 (residue 195 = ILE 641:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2

coiled coil  0:  2 helices   7  9	frequency 3

helix 7 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 9 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil



coiled coil  0:
	angle between helices  7 and  9 is  161.698	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


4jio_1.mmol  7.0 0 coiled coil (i) 0 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 18 mean 18.00):


assigning heptad to helix 7 (X) 546-581:A
extent of coiled coil packing: 549-566:A
sequence TELILSKLKAITQFAEDLRLLKEERARTXGELKDYV
register    abcdefgabcdefgabcd               
partner  ------Y---Y------Y--Y------Y--------
knobtype ------4---4------4--2------2--------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  18 residues: 7,7,4


assigning heptad to helix 9 (Y) 614-645:A
extent of coiled coil packing: 627-644:A
sequence EPLTTRIEATIFKQGSTINGVKIELDNIFGLT
register              abcdefgabcdefgabcd 
partner  ---------X------X---X--X---X----
knobtype ---------2------4---2--4---4----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  18 residues: 7,7,4
4jio_1.mmol c  7.00 e 0 result 1 COILED COILS PRESENT
Finished
