SOCKET v3.02 02-11-01 John Walshaw, University of Sussex
using cutoff of  7.0 Angstroms for centre of mass distances

attempting to open "/fs/ccplus/data/yf/5yfp/structures/5yfp.pdb"
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/yf/5yfp/structures/5yfp.pdb" (input)
file name implies standard PDB entry, code 5yfp
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/yf/5yfp/dssp/5yfp.pdb.dssp" (input)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/yf/5yfp/rasmol/5yfp.pdb.70.spt" (output)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/yf/5yfp/socket/5yfp.pdb.70.long.socket" (output)
Found beginning of residue data


































There are 3032 alpha-helical residues in this structure

chain A starts at residue  611, iCode=' '
chain B starts at residue    1, iCode=' '
chain C starts at residue    1, iCode=' '
chain D starts at residue   22, iCode=' '
chain E starts at residue    3, iCode=' '
chain F starts at residue   42, iCode=' '
chain G starts at residue    1, iCode=' '
chain H starts at residue  169, iCode=' '
residue 0 (VAL 626:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4 (VAL 626A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1 (LEU 627:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9 (LEU 627A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2 (LEU 628:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14 (LEU 628A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 3 (GLU 629:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 19 (GLU 629A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 4 (ILE 630:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 24 (ILE 630A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 5 (ASP 640:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 29 (ASP 640A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 6 (ASP 641:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 34 (ASP 641A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 8 (ASP 643:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 44 (ASP 643A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 9 (SER 644:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 49 (SER 644A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 10 (MET 645:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 54 (MET 645A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 11 (ILE 646:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 59 (ILE 646A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 12 (GLU 647:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 64 (GLU 647A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 13 (ARG 648:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 69 (ARG 648A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 14 (ILE 649:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 74 (ILE 649A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 15 (ASP 650:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 79 (ASP 650A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 16 (LEU 651:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 84 (LEU 651A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 17 (ARG 652:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 89 (ARG 652A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 18 (LEU 653:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 94 (LEU 653A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 20 (GLU 655:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 104 (GLU 655A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 21 (THR 656:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 109 (THR 656A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 22 (GLU 657:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 114 (GLU 657A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 23 (TYR 658:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 119 (TYR 658A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 24 (LEU 659:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 124 (LEU 659A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 25 (PHE 660:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 129 (PHE 660A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 26 (ASN 661:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 134 (ASN 661A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 27 (GLN 662:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 139 (GLN 662A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 28 (ASN 663:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 144 (ASN 663A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 29 (LEU 667:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 149 (LEU 667A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 30 (GLN 668:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 154 (GLN 668A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 31 (LYS 669:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 159 (LYS 669A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 32 (ILE 670:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 164 (ILE 670A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 34 (PRO 672:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 173 (PRO 672A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 35 (ASN 673:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 178 (ASN 673A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 36 (ILE 674:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 183 (ILE 674A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 37 (PRO 676:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 188 (PRO 676A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 38 (TYR 677:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 193 (TYR 677A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 39 (GLU 678:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 198 (GLU 678A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 40 (ASP 679:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 203 (ASP 679A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 41 (LYS 680:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 208 (LYS 680A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 42 (VAL 681:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 213 (VAL 681A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 43 (ASN 682:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 218 (ASN 682A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 44 (ASP 683:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 223 (ASP 683A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 45 (GLU 684:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 228 (GLU 684A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 46 (CYS 685:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 233 (CYS 685A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 47 (HIS 686:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 238 (HIS 686A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 48 (ARG 687:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 243 (ARG 687A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 49 (ILE 688:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 248 (ILE 688A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 50 (ILE 689:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 253 (ILE 689A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 51 (PRO 690:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 258 (PRO 690A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 52 (THR 691:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 263 (THR 691A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 53 (LEU 692:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 268 (LEU 692A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 54 (SER 693:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 273 (SER 693A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 55 (LEU 694:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 278 (LEU 694A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 56 (PHE 695:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 283 (PHE 695A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 57 (LEU 696:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 288 (LEU 696A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 58 (MET 697:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 293 (MET 697A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 59 (GLU 698:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 298 (GLU 698A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 60 (MET 699:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 303 (MET 699A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 61 (SER 700:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 308 (SER 700A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 62 (ASN 701:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 313 (ASN 701A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 63 (PHE 702:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 318 (PHE 702A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 64 (SER 703:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 323 (SER 703A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 65 (ASN 704:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 328 (ASN 704A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 66 (ASP 705:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 333 (ASP 705A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 67 (ILE 706:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 338 (ILE 706A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 68 (GLU 707:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 343 (GLU 707A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 69 (ASN 708:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 348 (ASN 708A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 70 (VAL 709:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 353 (VAL 709A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 71 (GLU 710:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 358 (GLU 710A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 72 (ILE 742:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 363 (ILE 742A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 73 (SER 743:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 368 (SER 743A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 74 (LEU 744:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 373 (LEU 744A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 75 (ASN 745:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 378 (ASN 745A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 76 (GLN 763:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 383 (GLN 763A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 77 (LEU 764:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 388 (LEU 764A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 78 (ASN 765:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 393 (ASN 765A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 79 (LEU 766:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 398 (LEU 766A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 80 (LEU 767:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 403 (LEU 767A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 81 (LEU 768:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 408 (LEU 768A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 82 (LYS 769:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 413 (LYS 769A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 84 (PHE 771:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 423 (PHE 771A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 85 (GLN 772:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 428 (GLN 772A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 86 (GLN 793:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 433 (GLN 793A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 87 (ARG 794:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 438 (ARG 794A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 88 (LEU 795:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 443 (LEU 795A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 89 (GLN 796:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 448 (GLN 796A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 90 (PHE 797:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 453 (PHE 797A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 91 (TYR 798:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 458 (TYR 798A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 92 (GLU 799:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 463 (GLU 799A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 93 (LYS 800:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 468 (LYS 800A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 94 (VAL 801:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 473 (VAL 801A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 95 (THR 802:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 478 (THR 802A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 96 (LYS 803:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 483 (LYS 803A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 97 (ILE 804:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 488 (ILE 804A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 98 (PHE 805:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 493 (PHE 805A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 99 (LEU 806:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 498 (LEU 806A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 100 (ASN 807:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 503 (ASN 807A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 101 (ARG 808:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 508 (ARG 808A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 102 (ILE 809:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 513 (ILE 809A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 103 (VAL 810:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 518 (VAL 810A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 104 (GLU 811:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 523 (GLU 811A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 105 (GLU 812:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 528 (GLU 812A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 106 (MET 813:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 533 (MET 813A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 107 (GLN 814:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 538 (GLN 814A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 108 (LYS 815:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 543 (LYS 815A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 109 (LYS 816:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 548 (LYS 816A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 110 (PHE 817:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 553 (PHE 817A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 111 (SER 818:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 558 (SER 818A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 112 (ASN 819:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 563 (ASN 819A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 113 (ILE 820:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 568 (ILE 820A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 114 (ARG 821:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 573 (ARG 821A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 115 (ILE 831:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 578 (ILE 831A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 116 (ARG 832:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 583 (ARG 832A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 117 (ILE 833:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 588 (ILE 833A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 118 (LEU 834:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 593 (LEU 834A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 119 (THR 835:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 598 (THR 835A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 120 (THR 836:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 603 (THR 836A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 121 (LEU 837:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 608 (LEU 837A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 122 (PHE 840:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 613 (PHE 840A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 123 (SER 841:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 618 (SER 841A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 124 (PRO 842:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 623 (PRO 842A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 125 (LEU 843:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 628 (LEU 843A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 126 (ILE 844:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 633 (ILE 844A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 127 (TYR 855:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 638 (TYR 855A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 128 (GLN 856:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 643 (GLN 856A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 130 (ILE 858:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 653 (ILE 858A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 131 (VAL 859:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 658 (VAL 859A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 132 (TRP 862:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 663 (TRP 862A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 133 (ASN 863:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 668 (ASN 863A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 134 (VAL 864:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 673 (VAL 864A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 135 (SER 865:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 678 (SER 865A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 136 (PRO 868:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 683 (PRO 868A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 137 (VAL 869:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 688 (VAL 869A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 138 (TYR 870:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 693 (TYR 870A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 139 (MET 871:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 698 (MET 871A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 140 (GLU 872:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 703 (GLU 872A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 141 (LEU 873:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 708 (LEU 873A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 142 (TRP 874:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 713 (TRP 874A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 143 (THR 875:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 718 (THR 875A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 144 (LYS 876:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 723 (LYS 876A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 145 (LYS 877:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 728 (LYS 877A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 146 (ILE 878:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 733 (ILE 878A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 147 (SER 924:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 738 (SER 924A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 148 (LEU 925:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 743 (LEU 925A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 149 (LEU 926:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 748 (LEU 926A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 150 (THR 927:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 753 (THR 927A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 151 (THR 932:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 758 (THR 932A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 152 (MET 933:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 763 (MET 933A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 153 (ARG 934:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 768 (ARG 934A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 154 (GLN 935:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 773 (GLN 935A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 155 (TYR 959:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 778 (TYR 959A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 156 (ILE 960:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 783 (ILE 960A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 157 (LYS 961:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 788 (LYS 961A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 158 (HIS 962:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 793 (HIS 962A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 159 (ARG 983:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 798 (ARG 983A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 160 (GLU 984:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 803 (GLU 984A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 163 (VAL 987:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 818 (VAL 987A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 164 (ILE 988:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 823 (ILE 988A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 165 (GLU 989:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 828 (GLU 989A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 166 (THR 990:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 833 (THR 990A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 167 (GLN 991:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 838 (GLN 991A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 168 (LEU 992:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 843 (LEU 992A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 169 (LEU 1004:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 848 (LEU 1004A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 170 (SER 1005:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 853 (SER 1005A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 171 (SER 1006:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 858 (SER 1006A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 172 (TYR 1007:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 863 (TYR 1007A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 173 (PHE 1008:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 868 (PHE 1008A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 174 (VAL 1009:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 873 (VAL 1009A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 175 (GLU 1010:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 878 (GLU 1010A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 176 (LEU 1011:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 883 (LEU 1011A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 178 (LEU 1022:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 893 (LEU 1022A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 179 (THR 1023:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 898 (THR 1023A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 180 (PHE 1024:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 903 (PHE 1024A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 181 (TYR 1025:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 908 (TYR 1025A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 182 (LEU 1026:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 913 (LEU 1026A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 183 (GLU 1027:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 918 (GLU 1027A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 184 (ASN 1028:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 923 (ASN 1028A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 185 (GLU 1029:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 928 (GLU 1029A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 186 (LEU 1042:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 933 (LEU 1042A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 187 (SER 1043:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 938 (SER 1043A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 189 (VAL 1045:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 948 (VAL 1045A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 190 (THR 1046:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 953 (THR 1046A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 191 (ARG 1047:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 958 (ARG 1047A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 192 (MET 1048:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 963 (MET 1048A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 193 (TYR 1049:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 968 (TYR 1049A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 194 (THR 1050:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 973 (THR 1050A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 195 (GLN 1051:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 978 (GLN 1051A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 196 (ILE 1052:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 983 (ILE 1052A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 197 (LEU 1086:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 988 (LEU 1086A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 198 (PRO 1087:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 993 (PRO 1087A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 199 (VAL 1088:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 998 (VAL 1088A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 201 (LEU 1090:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1007 (LEU 1090A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 202 (LYS 1091:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1012 (LYS 1091A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 203 (ASN 1092:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1017 (ASN 1092A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 204 (SER 1093:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1022 (SER 1093A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 205 (SER 1122:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1027 (SER 1122A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 206 (PHE 1123:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1032 (PHE 1123A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 207 (ARG 1124:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1037 (ARG 1124A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 208 (LYS 1125:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1042 (LYS 1125A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 209 (LEU 1126:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1047 (LEU 1126A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 210 (SER 1127:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1052 (SER 1127A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 211 (ILE 1128:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1057 (ILE 1128A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 214 (THR 1131:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1072 (THR 1131A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 215 (ARG 1132:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1077 (ARG 1132A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 216 (TYR 1157:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1082 (TYR 1157A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 217 (MET 1158:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1087 (MET 1158A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 218 (GLU 1159:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1092 (GLU 1159A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 219 (THR 1160:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1097 (THR 1160A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 220 (ILE 1161:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1102 (ILE 1161A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 221 (SER 1162:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1107 (SER 1162A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 222 (LEU 1163:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1112 (LEU 1163A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 223 (LEU 1164:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1117 (LEU 1164A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 224 (VAL 1165:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1122 (VAL 1165A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 225 (ASN 1166:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1127 (ASN 1166A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 226 (SER 1167:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1132 (SER 1167A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 227 (SER 1188:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1137 (SER 1188A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 228 (LEU 1189:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1142 (LEU 1189A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 229 (GLN 1190:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1147 (GLN 1190A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 230 (ASN 1191:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1152 (ASN 1191A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 231 (VAL 1192:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1157 (VAL 1192A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 232 (LYS 1193:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1162 (LYS 1193A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 233 (LYS 1194:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1167 (LYS 1194A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 234 (PHE 1196:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1172 (PHE 1196A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 235 (ASP 1197:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1177 (ASP 1197A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 236 (VAL 1198:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1182 (VAL 1198A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 237 (GLU 1199:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1187 (GLU 1199A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 238 (LYS 1200:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1192 (LYS 1200A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 239 (GLU 1201:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1197 (GLU 1201A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 240 (SER 1202:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1202 (SER 1202A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 241 (TYR 1203:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1207 (TYR 1203A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 243 (SER 1205:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1217 (SER 1205A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 244 (VAL 1222:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1222 (VAL 1222A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 245 (SER 1223:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1227 (SER 1223A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 246 (ASN 1224:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1232 (ASN 1224A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 247 (ILE 1225:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1237 (ILE 1225A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 248 (CYS 1288:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1242 (CYS 1288A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 249 (ASP 1289:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1247 (ASP 1289A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 250 (LYS 1290:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1252 (LYS 1290A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 251 (LEU 1291:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1257 (LEU 1291A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 252 (VAL 1300:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1262 (VAL 1300A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 253 (SER 1301:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1267 (SER 1301A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 254 (LEU 1302:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1272 (LEU 1302A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 255 (TYR 1303:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1277 (TYR 1303A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 256 (LEU 1304:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1282 (LEU 1304A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 257 (LYS 1305:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1287 (LYS 1305A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 258 (LEU 1306:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1292 (LEU 1306A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 259 (ASN 72:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1297 (ASN 72B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 260 (ASP 73:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1302 (ASP 73B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 261 (GLU 74:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1307 (GLU 74B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 262 (SER 75:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1312 (SER 75B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 263 (LEU 76:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1317 (LEU 76B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 264 (SER 77:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1322 (SER 77B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 265 (TYR 78:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1327 (TYR 78B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 266 (ILE 79:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1332 (ILE 79B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 267 (ARG 80:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1337 (ARG 80B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 268 (ASP 81:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1342 (ASP 81B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 269 (PRO 82:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1347 (PRO 82B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 270 (LEU 83:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1352 (LEU 83B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 271 (ASN 84:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1357 (ASN 84B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 273 (GLN 86:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1366 (GLN 86B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 274 (SER 132:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1371 (SER 132B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 275 (LEU 133:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1376 (LEU 133B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 276 (ASP 134:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1381 (ASP 134B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 277 (ARG 135:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1386 (ARG 135B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 278 (LEU 136:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1391 (LEU 136B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 279 (ASP 137:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1396 (ASP 137B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 280 (SER 138:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1401 (SER 138B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 281 (ASP 139:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1406 (ASP 139B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 282 (ILE 140:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1411 (ILE 140B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 283 (GLN 141:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1416 (GLN 141B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 284 (ASP 142:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1421 (ASP 142B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 285 (GLN 143:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1426 (GLN 143B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 286 (SER 144:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1431 (SER 144B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 287 (ILE 145:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1436 (ILE 145B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 288 (HIS 146:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1441 (HIS 146B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 289 (LEU 147:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1446 (LEU 147B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 290 (LYS 148:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1451 (LYS 148B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 291 (GLN 149:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1456 (GLN 149B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 292 (LEU 150:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1461 (LEU 150B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 293 (THR 156:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1466 (THR 156B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 294 (LYS 157:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1471 (LYS 157B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 295 (TYR 158:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1476 (TYR 158B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 296 (VAL 159:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1481 (VAL 159B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 297 (LYS 160:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1486 (LYS 160B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 298 (ILE 161:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1491 (ILE 161B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 299 (LYS 162:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1496 (LYS 162B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 300 (ASN 163:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1501 (ASN 163B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 301 (LYS 164:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1506 (LYS 164B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 302 (LEU 165:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1511 (LEU 165B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 303 (ASP 166:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1516 (ASP 166B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 304 (GLN 167:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1521 (GLN 167B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 305 (ILE 168:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1526 (ILE 168B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 306 (TYR 169:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1531 (TYR 169B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 307 (LYS 170:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1536 (LYS 170B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 308 (GLU 193:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1541 (GLU 193B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 309 (SER 194:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1546 (SER 194B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 310 (LEU 195:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1551 (LEU 195B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 311 (ASN 196:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1556 (ASN 196B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 312 (GLU 201:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1561 (GLU 201B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 313 (VAL 202:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1566 (VAL 202B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 314 (ILE 203:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1571 (ILE 203B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 315 (ARG 204:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1576 (ARG 204B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 316 (THR 205:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1581 (THR 205B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 317 (THR 206:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1586 (THR 206B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 318 (THR 207:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1591 (THR 207B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 319 (PHE 208:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1596 (PHE 208B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 320 (LYS 209:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1601 (LYS 209B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 321 (LEU 210:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1606 (LEU 210B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 322 (PRO 212:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1611 (PRO 212B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 323 (LEU 213:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1616 (LEU 213B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 324 (MET 214:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1621 (MET 214B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 325 (ASP 215:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1626 (ASP 215B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 326 (ASN 216:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1631 (ASN 216B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 327 (TYR 217:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1636 (TYR 217B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 328 (GLN 218:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1641 (GLN 218B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 329 (LYS 219:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1646 (LYS 219B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 330 (ILE 220:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1651 (ILE 220B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 331 (LEU 221:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1656 (LEU 221B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 332 (ASN 222:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1661 (ASN 222B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 333 (TYR 223:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1666 (TYR 223B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 334 (GLN 224:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1671 (GLN 224B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 336 (THR 226:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1681 (THR 226B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 337 (LYS 227:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1686 (LYS 227B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 338 (LYS 228:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1691 (LYS 228B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 339 (PHE 229:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1696 (PHE 229B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 340 (ILE 230:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1701 (ILE 230B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 341 (LEU 239:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1706 (LEU 239B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 342 (PRO 240:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1711 (PRO 240B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 343 (LYS 241:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1716 (LYS 241B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 344 (SER 242:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1721 (SER 242B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 345 (LEU 243:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1726 (LEU 243B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 346 (LYS 244:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1731 (LYS 244B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 347 (ARG 245:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1736 (ARG 245B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 348 (CYS 246:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1741 (CYS 246B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 349 (TYR 259:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1746 (TYR 259B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 350 (SER 260:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1751 (SER 260B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 351 (LYS 261:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1756 (LYS 261B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 353 (LEU 263:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1765 (LEU 263B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 354 (THR 264:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1770 (THR 264B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 355 (LEU 265:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1775 (LEU 265B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 356 (ARG 266:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1780 (ARG 266B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 357 (PHE 269:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1785 (PHE 269B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 358 (ASN 270:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1790 (ASN 270B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 359 (GLN 271:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1795 (GLN 271B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 360 (SER 272:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1800 (SER 272B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 361 (SER 278:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1805 (SER 278B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 362 (LEU 279:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1810 (LEU 279B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 363 (VAL 280:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1815 (VAL 280B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 364 (ILE 281:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1820 (ILE 281B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 365 (LYS 282:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1825 (LYS 282B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 366 (ARG 283:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1830 (ARG 283B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 367 (ILE 284:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1835 (ILE 284B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 368 (TRP 285:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1840 (TRP 285B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 369 (THR 286:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1845 (THR 286B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 370 (GLN 287:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1850 (GLN 287B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 371 (ILE 288:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1855 (ILE 288B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 372 (GLU 289:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1860 (GLU 289B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 373 (ASN 290:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1865 (ASN 290B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 374 (LEU 291:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1870 (LEU 291B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 375 (LEU 292:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1875 (LEU 292B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 376 (VAL 293:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1880 (VAL 293B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 377 (THR 294:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1885 (THR 294B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 378 (TYR 295:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1890 (TYR 295B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 379 (LYS 296:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1895 (LYS 296B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 380 (ASP 297:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1900 (ASP 297B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 381 (LEU 298:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1905 (LEU 298B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 382 (ILE 299:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1910 (ILE 299B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 383 (TRP 300:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1915 (TRP 300B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 384 (ASN 301:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1920 (ASN 301B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 385 (SER 302:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1925 (SER 302B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 386 (LEU 303:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1930 (LEU 303B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 387 (ILE 304:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1935 (ILE 304B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 388 (ASP 311:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1940 (ASP 311B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 389 (GLN 312:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1945 (GLN 312B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 390 (PRO 313:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1950 (PRO 313B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 391 (GLN 314:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1955 (GLN 314B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 392 (GLU 315:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1960 (GLU 315B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 393 (THR 316:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1965 (THR 316B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 394 (ILE 317:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1970 (ILE 317B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 395 (LEU 318:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1975 (LEU 318B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 396 (SER 319:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1980 (SER 319B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 397 (LEU 320:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1985 (LEU 320B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 398 (PHE 321:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1990 (PHE 321B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 399 (SER 322:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1995 (SER 322B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 400 (LYS 323:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2000 (LYS 323B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 401 (LEU 324:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2005 (LEU 324B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 402 (LEU 325:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2010 (LEU 325B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 403 (ASN 326:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2015 (ASN 326B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 404 (LEU 327:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2020 (LEU 327B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 405 (GLU 328:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2025 (GLU 328B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 406 (ASN 329:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2030 (ASN 329B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 407 (PHE 330:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2035 (PHE 330B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 408 (LEU 355:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2040 (LEU 355B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 409 (ARG 356:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2045 (ARG 356B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 410 (TRP 357:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2050 (TRP 357B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 411 (MET 358:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2055 (MET 358B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 412 (SER 359:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2060 (SER 359B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 413 (ILE 360:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2065 (ILE 360B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 414 (LYS 361:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2070 (LYS 361B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 415 (MET 362:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2075 (MET 362B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 416 (ASN 363:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2080 (ASN 363B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 418 (PHE 365:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2089 (PHE 365B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 419 (GLN 366:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2094 (GLN 366B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 420 (ASN 367:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2099 (ASN 367B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 421 (GLU 368:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2104 (GLU 368B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 422 (LEU 369:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2109 (LEU 369B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 423 (ASN 370:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2114 (ASN 370B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 424 (GLU 371:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2119 (GLU 371B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 425 (LEU 372:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2124 (LEU 372B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 426 (SER 373:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2129 (SER 373B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 428 (HIS 375:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2138 (HIS 375B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 429 (MET 376:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2143 (MET 376B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 430 (ILE 377:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2148 (ILE 377B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 431 (SER 378:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2153 (SER 378B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 432 (LYS 379:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2158 (LYS 379B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 433 (ILE 380:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2163 (ILE 380B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 434 (ILE 381:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2168 (ILE 381B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 435 (HIS 382:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2173 (HIS 382B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 436 (SER 383:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2178 (SER 383B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 437 (GLN 384:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2183 (GLN 384B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 438 (LEU 403:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2188 (LEU 403B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 439 (SER 404:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2193 (SER 404B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 440 (TYR 405:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2198 (TYR 405B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 441 (TYR 406:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2203 (TYR 406B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 442 (PRO 459:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2208 (PRO 459B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 443 (THR 460:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2213 (THR 460B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 444 (ILE 461:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2218 (ILE 461B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 445 (ILE 462:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2223 (ILE 462B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 446 (GLU 463:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2228 (GLU 463B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 447 (MET 464:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2233 (MET 464B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 448 (TRP 465:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2238 (TRP 465B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 449 (LEU 466:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2243 (LEU 466B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 450 (LEU 467:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2248 (LEU 467B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 451 (ILE 468:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2253 (ILE 468B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 452 (LEU 469:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2258 (LEU 469B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 453 (LYS 470:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2263 (LYS 470B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 454 (TYR 471:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2268 (TYR 471B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 455 (ILE 472:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2273 (ILE 472B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 456 (ASN 473:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2278 (ASN 473B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 457 (ASP 474:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2283 (ASP 474B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 458 (LEU 475:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2288 (LEU 475B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 459 (TRP 476:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2293 (TRP 476B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 460 (LYS 477:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2298 (LYS 477B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 461 (ILE 478:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2303 (ILE 478B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 462 (CYS 479:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2308 (CYS 479B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 463 (ASP 480:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2313 (ASP 480B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 464 (GLN 481:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2318 (GLN 481B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 465 (PHE 482:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2323 (PHE 482B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 466 (ILE 483:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2328 (ILE 483B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 467 (GLU 484:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2333 (GLU 484B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 468 (PHE 485:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2338 (PHE 485B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 469 (TRP 486:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2343 (TRP 486B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 470 (GLU 487:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2348 (GLU 487B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 471 (HIS 488:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2353 (HIS 488B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 472 (ILE 489:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2358 (ILE 489B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 473 (GLU 490:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2363 (GLU 490B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 474 (LYS 491:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2368 (LYS 491B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 475 (PHE 492:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2373 (PHE 492B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 476 (LEU 493:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2378 (LEU 493B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 477 (ASN 499:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2383 (ASN 499B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 478 (SER 500:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2388 (SER 500B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 479 (ILE 501:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2393 (ILE 501B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 480 (ILE 502:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2398 (ILE 502B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 481 (ASN 503:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2403 (ASN 503B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 482 (GLU 504:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2408 (GLU 504B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 483 (GLU 529:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2413 (GLU 529B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 484 (GLU 530:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2418 (GLU 530B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 485 (GLN 531:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2423 (GLN 531B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 486 (ILE 532:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2428 (ILE 532B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 487 (ASN 533:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2433 (ASN 533B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 488 (GLU 534:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2438 (GLU 534B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 489 (VAL 535:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2443 (VAL 535B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 490 (ARG 536:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2448 (ARG 536B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 491 (LEU 537:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2453 (LEU 537B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 492 (LYS 538:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2458 (LYS 538B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 494 (GLU 540:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2467 (GLU 540B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 495 (GLU 541:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2472 (GLU 541B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 496 (PHE 542:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2477 (PHE 542B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 497 (ILE 543:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2482 (ILE 543B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 498 (THR 544:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2487 (THR 544B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 499 (SER 545:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2492 (SER 545B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 500 (VAL 546:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2497 (VAL 546B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 501 (SER 547:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2502 (SER 547B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 502 (GLN 548:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2507 (GLN 548B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 503 (ASN 549:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2512 (ASN 549B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 504 (SER 596:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2517 (SER 596B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 505 (CYS 597:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2522 (CYS 597B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 506 (LEU 598:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2527 (LEU 598B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 507 (ARG 599:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2532 (ARG 599B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 508 (TYR 600:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2537 (TYR 600B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 509 (LEU 601:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2542 (LEU 601B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 510 (PRO 602:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2547 (PRO 602B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 511 (LYS 603:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2552 (LYS 603B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 512 (ILE 604:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2557 (ILE 604B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 513 (VAL 605:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2562 (VAL 605B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 514 (GLU 606:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2567 (GLU 606B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 515 (PRO 607:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2572 (PRO 607B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 516 (ILE 608:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2577 (ILE 608B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 517 (LEU 609:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2582 (LEU 609B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 518 (LYS 610:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2587 (LYS 610B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 519 (PHE 611:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2592 (PHE 611B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 520 (SER 612:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2597 (SER 612B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 521 (THR 613:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2602 (THR 613B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 522 (GLU 614:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2607 (GLU 614B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 523 (LEU 615:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2612 (LEU 615B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 525 (GLN 617:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2622 (GLN 617B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 526 (ILE 625:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2627 (ILE 625B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 527 (THR 626:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2632 (THR 626B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 528 (ILE 627:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2637 (ILE 627B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 529 (CYS 628:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2642 (CYS 628B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 530 (ARG 629:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2647 (ARG 629B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 531 (ASN 630:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2652 (ASN 630B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 532 (THR 631:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2657 (THR 631B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 533 (LEU 632:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2662 (LEU 632B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 534 (SER 633:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2667 (SER 633B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 535 (THR 634:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2672 (THR 634B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 536 (ILE 635:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2677 (ILE 635B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 537 (ILE 636:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2682 (ILE 636B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 538 (ASN 637:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2687 (ASN 637B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 539 (ARG 638:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2692 (ARG 638B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 540 (CYS 639:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2697 (CYS 639B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 541 (VAL 640:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2702 (VAL 640B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 544 (ILE 643:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2716 (ILE 643B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 545 (SER 644:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2721 (SER 644B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 546 (SER 645:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2726 (SER 645B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 547 (THR 646:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2731 (THR 646B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 548 (LYS 647:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2736 (LYS 647B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 549 (LEU 648:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2741 (LEU 648B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 550 (ARG 649:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2746 (ARG 649B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 551 (ASP 650:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2751 (ASP 650B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 552 (ILE 651:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2756 (ILE 651B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 553 (GLN 687:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2761 (GLN 687B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 554 (PHE 688:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2766 (PHE 688B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 555 (PRO 689:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2771 (PRO 689B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 556 (GLU 690:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2776 (GLU 690B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 557 (ILE 691:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2781 (ILE 691B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 558 (VAL 692:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2786 (VAL 692B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 559 (PHE 695:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2791 (PHE 695B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 560 (GLN 696:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2796 (GLN 696B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 561 (GLU 697:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2801 (GLU 697B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 562 (VAL 698:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2806 (VAL 698B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 563 (SER 699:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2811 (SER 699B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 564 (ILE 700:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2816 (ILE 700B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 565 (LYS 701:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2821 (LYS 701B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 566 (THR 702:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2826 (THR 702B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 567 (THR 703:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2831 (THR 703B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 568 (ARG 704:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2836 (ARG 704B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 569 (ASP 705:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2841 (ASP 705B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 570 (SER 726:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2846 (SER 726B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 571 (LYS 727:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2851 (LYS 727B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 572 (GLN 728:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2856 (GLN 728B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 573 (LEU 729:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2861 (LEU 729B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 574 (LEU 730:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2866 (LEU 730B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 575 (THR 731:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2871 (THR 731B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 577 (ILE 733:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2880 (ILE 733B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 578 (GLU 734:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2885 (GLU 734B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 579 (ILE 735:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2890 (ILE 735B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 580 (GLN 736:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2895 (GLN 736B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 581 (GLN 737:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2900 (GLN 737B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 582 (ILE 738:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2905 (ILE 738B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 583 (ILE 739:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2910 (ILE 739B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 584 (SER 740:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2915 (SER 740B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 585 (MET 741:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2920 (MET 741B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 586 (GLU 742:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2925 (GLU 742B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 588 (VAL 744:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2935 (VAL 744B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 589 (LEU 745:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2940 (LEU 745B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 590 (GLU 746:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2945 (GLU 746B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 592 (ILE 748:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2955 (ILE 748B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 593 (LEU 749:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2960 (LEU 749B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 594 (LYS 750:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2965 (LYS 750B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 595 (ASN 751:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2970 (ASN 751B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 598 (ILE 765:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2985 (ILE 765B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 599 (LEU 766:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2990 (LEU 766B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 600 (THR 767:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2995 (THR 767B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 601 (LEU 768:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3000 (LEU 768B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 602 (THR 769:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3005 (THR 769B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 603 (ASN 770:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3010 (ASN 770B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 604 (LEU 771:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3015 (LEU 771B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 605 (GLN 772:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3020 (GLN 772B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 606 (TYR 773:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3025 (TYR 773B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 607 (PHE 774:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3030 (PHE 774B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 609 (PHE 779:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3040 (PHE 779B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 610 (PRO 780:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3045 (PRO 780B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 611 (ASN 781:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3050 (ASN 781B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 612 (ILE 782:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3055 (ILE 782B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 613 (LEU 783:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3060 (LEU 783B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 614 (GLU 800:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3065 (GLU 800B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 615 (LEU 801:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3070 (LEU 801B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 616 (PHE 802:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3075 (PHE 802B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 617 (SER 803:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3080 (SER 803B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 618 (LEU 804:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3085 (LEU 804B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 619 (LEU 805:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3090 (LEU 805B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 620 (SER 806:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3095 (SER 806B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 621 (LYS 807:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3100 (LYS 807B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 622 (MET 808:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3105 (MET 808B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 623 (GLU 809:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3110 (GLU 809B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 624 (SER 810:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3115 (SER 810B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 625 (SER 811:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3120 (SER 811B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 626 (ILE 812:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3125 (ILE 812B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 627 (PHE 813:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3130 (PHE 813B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 629 (ASN 815:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3139 (ASN 815B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 630 (TYR 816:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3144 (TYR 816B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 631 (LEU 817:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3149 (LEU 817B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 632 (SER 818:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3154 (SER 818B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 633 (ASP 819:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3159 (ASP 819B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 634 (LEU 820:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3164 (LEU 820B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 635 (LYS 821:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3169 (LYS 821B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 636 (ILE 822:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3174 (ILE 822B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 637 (ASN 823:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3179 (ASN 823B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 638 (LEU 824:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3184 (LEU 824B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 639 (ARG 825:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3189 (ARG 825B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 640 (LEU 828:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3194 (LEU 828B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 641 (GLU 829:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3199 (GLU 829B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 642 (GLU 830:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3204 (GLU 830B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 643 (LYS 831:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3209 (LYS 831B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 644 (ASP 849:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3214 (ASP 849B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 645 (TYR 850:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3219 (TYR 850B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 646 (ILE 851:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3224 (ILE 851B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 647 (ILE 852:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3229 (ILE 852B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 648 (GLU 853:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3234 (GLU 853B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 650 (LEU 855:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3244 (LEU 855B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 651 (MET 856:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3249 (MET 856B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 652 (ILE 857:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3254 (ILE 857B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 653 (LEU 858:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3259 (LEU 858B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 654 (ILE 859:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3264 (ILE 859B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 655 (VAL 860:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3269 (VAL 860B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 656 (VAL 861:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3274 (VAL 861B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 657 (HIS 862:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3279 (HIS 862B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 658 (SER 863:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3284 (SER 863B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 659 (GLU 864:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3289 (GLU 864B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 660 (LYS 875:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3294 (LYS 875B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 661 (ILE 876:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3299 (ILE 876B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 662 (LEU 877:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3304 (LEU 877B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 663 (ILE 878:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3309 (ILE 878B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 664 (GLU 879:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3314 (GLU 879B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 665 (THR 880:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3319 (THR 880B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 666 (GLN 881:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3324 (GLN 881B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 667 (ILE 882:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3329 (ILE 882B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 668 (PHE 883:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3334 (PHE 883B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 669 (ILE 884:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3339 (ILE 884B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 671 (ARG 886:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3349 (ARG 886B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 672 (TYR 887:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3354 (TYR 887B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 673 (LEU 888:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3359 (LEU 888B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 674 (PHE 889:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3364 (PHE 889B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 675 (GLU 890:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3369 (GLU 890B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 676 (ILE 907:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3374 (ILE 907B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 677 (ILE 908:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3379 (ILE 908B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 678 (VAL 909:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3384 (VAL 909B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 679 (ASP 910:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3389 (ASP 910B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 680 (LEU 911:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3394 (LEU 911B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 681 (GLU 912:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3399 (GLU 912B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 682 (PHE 913:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3404 (PHE 913B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 683 (PHE 914:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3409 (PHE 914B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 684 (GLN 915:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3414 (GLN 915B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 685 (LYS 916:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3419 (LYS 916B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 686 (VAL 917:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3424 (VAL 917B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 687 (ASP 925:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3429 (ASP 925B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 688 (THR 926:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3434 (THR 926B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 689 (GLU 927:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3439 (GLU 927B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 691 (THR 929:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3449 (THR 929B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 692 (LEU 930:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3454 (LEU 930B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 693 (ARG 931:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3459 (ARG 931B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 695 (CYS 933:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3469 (CYS 933B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 696 (LEU 934:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3474 (LEU 934B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 697 (ASN 943:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3479 (ASN 943B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 698 (ARG 944:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3484 (ARG 944B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 699 (LEU 945:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3489 (LEU 945B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 700 (GLN 946:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3494 (GLN 946B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 701 (LYS 947:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3499 (LYS 947B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 702 (CYS 948:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3504 (CYS 948B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 703 (ILE 949:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3509 (ILE 949B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 704 (ASN 950:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3514 (ASN 950B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 705 (GLU 951:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3519 (GLU 951B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 706 (ASN 953:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3524 (ASN 953B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 707 (PRO 954:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3529 (PRO 954B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 708 (ILE 955:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3534 (ILE 955B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 709 (VAL 956:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3539 (VAL 956B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 710 (SER 957:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3544 (SER 957B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 712 (ASN 959:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3554 (ASN 959B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 713 (ASP 4:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3559 (ASP 4C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 714 (PRO 5:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3564 (PRO 5C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 715 (LEU 6:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3569 (LEU 6C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 716 (GLN 7:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3574 (GLN 7C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 717 (GLN 8:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3579 (GLN 8C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 718 (VAL 9:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3584 (VAL 9C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 719 (CYS 10:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3589 (CYS 10C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 720 (LEU 19:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3594 (LEU 19C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 721 (GLU 20:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3599 (GLU 20C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 722 (ARG 21:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3604 (ARG 21C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 723 (VAL 22:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3609 (VAL 22C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 724 (ARG 23:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3614 (ARG 23C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 725 (ASP 24:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3619 (ASP 24C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 726 (ILE 25:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3624 (ILE 25C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 727 (LYS 26:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3629 (LYS 26C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 728 (GLU 27:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3634 (GLU 27C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 729 (GLN 28:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3639 (GLN 28C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 730 (LEU 29:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3644 (LEU 29C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 731 (LEU 30:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3649 (LEU 30C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 732 (LYS 31:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3654 (LYS 31C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 733 (GLU 32:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3659 (GLU 32C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 734 (LYS 33:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3664 (LYS 33C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 735 (SER 34:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3669 (SER 34C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 736 (VAL 35:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3674 (VAL 35C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 737 (VAL 36:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3679 (VAL 36C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 738 (GLU 37:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3684 (GLU 37C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 739 (TYR 38:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3689 (TYR 38C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 740 (GLN 39:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3694 (GLN 39C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 741 (LEU 40:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3699 (LEU 40C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 742 (ASN 41:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3704 (ASN 41C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 743 (LYS 42:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3709 (LYS 42C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 744 (GLU 43:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3714 (GLU 43C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 745 (SER 44:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3719 (SER 44C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 746 (ASP 45:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3724 (ASP 45C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 747 (LYS 46:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3729 (LYS 46C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 748 (TYR 47:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3734 (TYR 47C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 749 (TYR 48:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3739 (TYR 48C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 751 (GLU 50:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3748 (GLU 50C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 752 (VAL 51:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3753 (VAL 51C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 753 (GLU 52:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3758 (GLU 52C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 754 (GLU 53:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3763 (GLU 53C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 755 (SER 54:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3768 (SER 54C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 756 (LEU 55:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3773 (LEU 55C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 757 (LYS 56:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3778 (LYS 56C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 758 (LEU 57:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3783 (LEU 57C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 759 (LEU 58:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3788 (LEU 58C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 760 (ASN 59:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3793 (ASN 59C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 761 (LEU 60:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3798 (LEU 60C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 762 (SER 61:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3803 (SER 61C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 763 (LYS 62:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3808 (LYS 62C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 764 (ASN 63:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3813 (ASN 63C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 765 (SER 64:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3818 (SER 64C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 766 (VAL 65:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3823 (VAL 65C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 767 (THR 66:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3828 (THR 66C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 768 (GLN 71:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3833 (GLN 71C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 769 (ILE 72:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3838 (ILE 72C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 770 (ASN 73:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3843 (ASN 73C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 771 (GLU 74:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3848 (GLU 74C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 772 (VAL 75:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3853 (VAL 75C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 773 (ASN 76:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3858 (ASN 76C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 774 (LYS 77:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3863 (LYS 77C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 775 (LEU 92:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3868 (LEU 92C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 776 (PHE 93:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3873 (PHE 93C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 777 (ARG 94:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3878 (ARG 94C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 779 (SER 106:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3888 (SER 106C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 780 (SER 107:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3893 (SER 107C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 781 (ILE 108:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3898 (ILE 108C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 782 (TYR 109:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3903 (TYR 109C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 783 (ASP 110:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3908 (ASP 110C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 784 (ARG 111:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3913 (ARG 111C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 785 (ILE 112:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3918 (ILE 112C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 786 (TYR 113:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3923 (TYR 113C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 787 (ASN 114:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3928 (ASN 114C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 788 (PHE 115:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3933 (PHE 115C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 789 (VAL 116:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3938 (VAL 116C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 791 (LEU 118:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3948 (LEU 118C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 792 (MET 119:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3953 (MET 119C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 793 (GLU 120:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3958 (GLU 120C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 794 (HIS 121:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3963 (HIS 121C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 795 (ILE 122:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3968 (ILE 122C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 796 (LEU 143:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3973 (LEU 143C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 797 (GLU 144:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3978 (GLU 144C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 798 (ILE 145:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3983 (ILE 145C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 799 (HIS 146:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3988 (HIS 146C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 800 (PHE 147:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3993 (PHE 147C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 801 (LEU 148:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3998 (LEU 148C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 802 (LEU 149:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4003 (LEU 149C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 803 (THR 150:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4008 (THR 150C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 804 (SER 151:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4013 (SER 151C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 806 (PHE 178:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4023 (PHE 178C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 807 (SER 179:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4028 (SER 179C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 808 (ARG 180:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4033 (ARG 180C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 809 (LEU 181:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4038 (LEU 181C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 810 (LYS 190:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4043 (LYS 190C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 811 (LEU 191:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4048 (LEU 191C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 812 (LEU 192:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4053 (LEU 192C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 813 (ASP 193:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4058 (ASP 193C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 815 (LEU 195:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4067 (LEU 195C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 816 (THR 196:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4072 (THR 196C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 817 (TYR 197:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4077 (TYR 197C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 818 (ASP 198:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4082 (ASP 198C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 819 (ILE 199:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4087 (ILE 199C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 821 (ILE 212:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4097 (ILE 212C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 822 (ARG 213:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4102 (ARG 213C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 823 (LEU 214:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4107 (LEU 214C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 824 (PHE 215:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4112 (PHE 215C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 825 (LYS 216:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4117 (LYS 216C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 826 (ILE 217:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4122 (ILE 217C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 827 (TYR 218:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4127 (TYR 218C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 828 (ASP 219:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4132 (ASP 219C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 829 (LEU 220:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4137 (LEU 220C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 830 (GLU 221:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4142 (GLU 221C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 831 (GLU 222:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4147 (GLU 222C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 832 (ARG 223:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4152 (ARG 223C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 833 (GLU 224:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4157 (GLU 224C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 834 (ASP 225:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4162 (ASP 225C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 835 (LEU 226:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4167 (LEU 226C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 836 (ARG 227:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4172 (ARG 227C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 837 (ILE 228:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4177 (ILE 228C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 838 (GLU 229:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4182 (GLU 229C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 840 (ILE 231:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4192 (ILE 231C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 841 (ARG 232:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4197 (ARG 232C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 842 (ASN 233:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4202 (ASN 233C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 843 (ILE 234:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4207 (ILE 234C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 845 (ILE 301:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4216 (ILE 301C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 846 (ASN 302:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4221 (ASN 302C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 847 (ASN 303:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4226 (ASN 303C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 848 (PHE 309:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4231 (PHE 309C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 850 (GLU 311:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4240 (GLU 311C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 851 (MET 312:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4245 (MET 312C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 852 (VAL 324:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4250 (VAL 324C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 853 (LEU 325:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4255 (LEU 325C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 854 (ASP 326:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4260 (ASP 326C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 855 (ASN 327:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4265 (ASN 327C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 856 (MET 328:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4270 (MET 328C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 857 (ASP 329:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4275 (ASP 329C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 858 (TRP 330:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4280 (TRP 330C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 859 (ILE 331:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4285 (ILE 331C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 860 (PHE 332:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4290 (PHE 332C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 861 (ASN 333:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4295 (ASN 333C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 862 (GLU 334:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4300 (GLU 334C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 863 (LEU 335:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4305 (LEU 335C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 864 (ILE 336:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4310 (ILE 336C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 865 (ILE 337:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4315 (ILE 337C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 866 (VAL 338:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4320 (VAL 338C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 867 (LYS 339:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4325 (LYS 339C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 868 (GLU 340:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4330 (GLU 340C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 869 (HIS 341:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4335 (HIS 341C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 870 (ILE 342:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4340 (ILE 342C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 872 (ASN 344:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4350 (ASN 344C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 873 (CYS 345:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4355 (CYS 345C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 874 (GLU 354:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4360 (GLU 354C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 875 (VAL 355:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4365 (VAL 355C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 876 (TYR 356:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4370 (TYR 356C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 877 (PHE 357:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4375 (PHE 357C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 878 (ASP 358:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4380 (ASP 358C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 879 (GLN 359:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4385 (GLN 359C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 880 (TYR 360:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4390 (TYR 360C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 881 (TYR 361:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4395 (TYR 361C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 882 (LYS 362:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4400 (LYS 362C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 883 (GLU 363:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4405 (GLU 363C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 884 (LEU 364:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4410 (LEU 364C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 885 (HIS 365:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4415 (HIS 365C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 886 (SER 366:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4420 (SER 366C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 887 (LEU 367:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4425 (LEU 367C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 888 (ILE 381:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4430 (ILE 381C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 889 (LEU 382:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4435 (LEU 382C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 890 (ASP 383:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4440 (ASP 383C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 891 (ILE 384:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4445 (ILE 384C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 892 (LEU 385:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4450 (LEU 385C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 894 (PHE 387:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4460 (PHE 387C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 895 (ASP 388:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4465 (ASP 388C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 896 (LYS 389:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4470 (LYS 389C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 897 (THR 390:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4475 (THR 390C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 898 (PHE 391:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4480 (PHE 391C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 899 (GLN 392:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4485 (GLN 392C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 900 (ASP 393:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4490 (ASP 393C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 901 (THR 394:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4495 (THR 394C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 963 (LYS 504:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4993 (LYS 504C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 966 (ILE 507:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5022 (ILE 507C iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 975 (LYS 516:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5090 (LYS 516C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 977 (ILE 518:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5106 (ILE 518C iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 979 (TYR 520:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5118 (TYR 520C iCode=' '  O  ) as end atom for this residue
residue 986 (ILE 546:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5176 (ILE 546C iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 994 (LYS 554:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5232 (LYS 554C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1007 (LYS 572:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5325 (LYS 572C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1038 (LYS 618:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5562 (LYS 618C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1057 (LEU 648:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5716 (LEU 648C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1059 (VAL 650:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5732 (VAL 650C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1062 (ILE 653:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5758 (ILE 653C iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1071 (ILE 662:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5823 (ILE 662C iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1072 (LYS 680:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5828 (LYS 680C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1074 (LEU 682:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5844 (LEU 682C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1083 (ILE 691:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5921 (ILE 691C iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1087 (VAL 697:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5953 (VAL 697C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1100 (LEU 723:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6061 (LEU 723C iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1104 (ILE 734:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6088 (ILE 734C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1123 (LYS 767:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6244 (LYS 767C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1124 (ILE 768:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6251 (ILE 768C iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1134 (GLU 778:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6327 (GLU 778C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1136 (ARG 780:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6344 (ARG 780C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1137 (ARG 781:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6349 (ARG 781C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1138 (ASN 782:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6353 (ASN 782C iCode=' '  O  ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1139 (HIS 34:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6358 (HIS 34D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1140 (LEU 35:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6363 (LEU 35D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1141 (GLN 36:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6368 (GLN 36D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1142 (ASN 37:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6373 (ASN 37D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1143 (ASP 38:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6378 (ASP 38D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1144 (LEU 39:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6383 (LEU 39D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1145 (ARG 48:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6388 (ARG 48D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1146 (ILE 49:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6393 (ILE 49D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1147 (LEU 50:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6398 (LEU 50D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1148 (SER 51:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6403 (SER 51D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1149 (ARG 74:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6408 (ARG 74D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1150 (TYR 75:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6413 (TYR 75D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1151 (GLU 76:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6418 (GLU 76D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1152 (GLU 77:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6423 (GLU 77D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1153 (PHE 78:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6428 (PHE 78D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1154 (ASN 79:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6433 (ASN 79D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1155 (GLN 80:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6438 (GLN 80D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1156 (LEU 81:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6443 (LEU 81D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1157 (LYS 82:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6448 (LYS 82D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1159 (SER 106:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6458 (SER 106D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1160 (TYR 107:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6463 (TYR 107D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1162 (LYS 109:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6472 (LYS 109D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1164 (VAL 111:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6482 (VAL 111D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1165 (SER 112:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6487 (SER 112D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1166 (SER 113:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6492 (SER 113D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1167 (ILE 114:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6497 (ILE 114D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1168 (MET 115:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6502 (MET 115D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1169 (GLN 116:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6507 (GLN 116D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1171 (GLN 118:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6517 (GLN 118D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1172 (GLU 119:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6522 (GLU 119D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1173 (ASN 123:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6527 (ASN 123D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1174 (LEU 124:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6532 (LEU 124D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1175 (LYS 125:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6537 (LYS 125D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1176 (ASN 126:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6542 (ASN 126D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1177 (CYS 127:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6547 (CYS 127D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1178 (LEU 128:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6552 (LEU 128D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1179 (LYS 129:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6557 (LYS 129D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1180 (GLU 130:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6562 (GLU 130D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1182 (ASN 132:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6572 (ASN 132D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1183 (SER 141:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6577 (SER 141D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1184 (LEU 142:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6582 (LEU 142D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1185 (GLN 143:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6587 (GLN 143D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1186 (GLU 144:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6592 (GLU 144D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1187 (LEU 145:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6597 (LEU 145D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1188 (ASN 146:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6602 (ASN 146D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1189 (ASP 147:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6607 (ASP 147D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1190 (ASN 148:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6612 (ASN 148D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1191 (ASN 149:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6617 (ASN 149D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1192 (LEU 150:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6622 (LEU 150D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1193 (LYS 151:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6627 (LYS 151D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1194 (TYR 152:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6632 (TYR 152D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1195 (THR 153:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6637 (THR 153D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1196 (LYS 154:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6642 (LYS 154D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1197 (MET 155:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6647 (MET 155D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1198 (ILE 156:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6652 (ILE 156D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1199 (ASP 157:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6657 (ASP 157D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1200 (VAL 158:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6662 (VAL 158D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1201 (LEU 159:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6667 (LEU 159D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1202 (VAL 160:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6672 (VAL 160D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1203 (ASN 161:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6677 (ASN 161D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1204 (ILE 162:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6682 (ILE 162D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1205 (GLU 163:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6687 (GLU 163D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1206 (GLU 164:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6692 (GLU 164D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1207 (LEU 165:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6697 (LEU 165D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1208 (LEU 166:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6702 (LEU 166D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1209 (GLN 167:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6707 (GLN 167D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1210 (ILE 168:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6712 (ILE 168D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1211 (PRO 169:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6717 (PRO 169D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1212 (GLU 170:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6722 (GLU 170D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1213 (LYS 171:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6727 (LYS 171D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1214 (ILE 172:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6732 (ILE 172D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1215 (GLU 173:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6737 (GLU 173D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1216 (GLU 174:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6742 (GLU 174D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1217 (HIS 182:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6747 (HIS 182D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1218 (GLN 183:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6752 (GLN 183D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1219 (VAL 184:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6757 (VAL 184D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1220 (GLN 185:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6762 (GLN 185D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1221 (ILE 186:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6767 (ILE 186D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1222 (LEU 187:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6772 (LEU 187D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1223 (LEU 188:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6777 (LEU 188D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1224 (GLU 189:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6782 (GLU 189D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1225 (ARG 190:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6787 (ARG 190D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1227 (PHE 192:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6796 (PHE 192D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1228 (ILE 193:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6801 (ILE 193D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1229 (LEU 194:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6806 (LEU 194D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1230 (MET 195:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6811 (MET 195D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1231 (PRO 208:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6816 (PRO 208D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1232 (ILE 209:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6821 (ILE 209D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1233 (ASN 210:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6826 (ASN 210D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1234 (GLN 211:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6831 (GLN 211D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1235 (GLN 212:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6836 (GLN 212D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1236 (LEU 213:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6841 (LEU 213D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1237 (GLU 214:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6846 (GLU 214D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1238 (LEU 215:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6851 (LEU 215D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1239 (GLN 216:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6856 (GLN 216D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1240 (GLU 217:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6861 (GLU 217D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1241 (HIS 218:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6866 (HIS 218D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1242 (LEU 219:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6871 (LEU 219D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1243 (LEU 220:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6876 (LEU 220D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1244 (PHE 221:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6881 (PHE 221D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1245 (ASN 222:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6886 (ASN 222D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1246 (ASN 223:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6891 (ASN 223D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1247 (LEU 224:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6896 (LEU 224D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1248 (ILE 225:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6901 (ILE 225D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1249 (GLU 226:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6906 (GLU 226D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1250 (MET 276:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6911 (MET 276D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1251 (GLU 277:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6916 (GLU 277D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1252 (HIS 278:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6921 (HIS 278D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1253 (SER 279:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6926 (SER 279D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1254 (LYS 280:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6931 (LYS 280D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1255 (THR 281:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6936 (THR 281D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1256 (ILE 282:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6941 (ILE 282D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1257 (ASN 283:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6946 (ASN 283D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1258 (LYS 284:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6951 (LYS 284D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1259 (ASN 285:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6956 (ASN 285D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1260 (LEU 286:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6961 (LEU 286D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1261 (GLU 287:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6966 (GLU 287D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1262 (GLN 288:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6971 (GLN 288D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1263 (PHE 289:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6976 (PHE 289D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1264 (ILE 290:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6981 (ILE 290D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1265 (HIS 291:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6986 (HIS 291D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1266 (ASP 292:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6991 (ASP 292D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1268 (PHE 323:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7000 (PHE 323D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1269 (ASN 324:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7005 (ASN 324D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1270 (ARG 325:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7010 (ARG 325D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1271 (ILE 326:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7015 (ILE 326D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1273 (PHE 328:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7024 (PHE 328D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1274 (LEU 329:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7029 (LEU 329D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1275 (LEU 330:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7034 (LEU 330D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1276 (LYS 331:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7039 (LYS 331D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1277 (THR 332:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7044 (THR 332D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1278 (LYS 338:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7049 (LYS 338D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1279 (LEU 339:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7054 (LEU 339D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1280 (PRO 340:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7059 (PRO 340D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1281 (VAL 341:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7064 (VAL 341D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1283 (PHE 343:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7074 (PHE 343D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1284 (ASN 344:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7079 (ASN 344D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1285 (ILE 345:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7084 (ILE 345D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1286 (ILE 346:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7089 (ILE 346D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1287 (THR 347:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7094 (THR 347D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1288 (GLU 348:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7099 (GLU 348D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1289 (ARG 349:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7104 (ARG 349D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1291 (LYS 351:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7114 (LYS 351D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1292 (GLU 352:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7119 (GLU 352D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1293 (GLU 353:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7124 (GLU 353D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1294 (ILE 354:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7129 (ILE 354D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1295 (HIS 355:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7134 (HIS 355D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1296 (ASN 356:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7139 (ASN 356D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1297 (ILE 357:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7144 (ILE 357D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1298 (ILE 358:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7149 (ILE 358D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1299 (VAL 359:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7154 (VAL 359D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1300 (LYS 360:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7159 (LYS 360D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1301 (SER 361:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7164 (SER 361D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1302 (THR 362:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7169 (THR 362D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1303 (GLU 363:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7174 (GLU 363D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1304 (SER 364:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7179 (SER 364D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1305 (ILE 365:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7184 (ILE 365D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1306 (ARG 366:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7189 (ARG 366D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1307 (SER 367:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7194 (SER 367D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1308 (LYS 368:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7199 (LYS 368D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1309 (SER 394:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7204 (SER 394D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1310 (ILE 395:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7209 (ILE 395D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1311 (ILE 396:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7214 (ILE 396D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1312 (LEU 397:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7219 (LEU 397D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1313 (ARG 398:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7224 (ARG 398D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1314 (GLU 399:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7229 (GLU 399D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1315 (CYS 400:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7234 (CYS 400D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1316 (PHE 401:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7239 (PHE 401D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1317 (TRP 402:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7244 (TRP 402D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1318 (GLU 403:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7249 (GLU 403D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1319 (ILE 404:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7254 (ILE 404D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1320 (PHE 405:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7259 (PHE 405D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1321 (LEU 406:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7264 (LEU 406D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1322 (LYS 407:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7269 (LYS 407D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1323 (LEU 408:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7274 (LEU 408D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1324 (LEU 409:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7279 (LEU 409D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1325 (TYR 410:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7284 (TYR 410D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1327 (ILE 412:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7294 (ILE 412D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1328 (GLN 413:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7299 (GLN 413D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1329 (CYS 414:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7304 (CYS 414D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1330 (HIS 415:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7309 (HIS 415D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1331 (ARG 416:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7314 (ARG 416D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1333 (ILE 418:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7324 (ILE 418D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1334 (PHE 419:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7329 (PHE 419D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1335 (GLU 420:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7334 (GLU 420D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1336 (MET 421:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7339 (MET 421D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1337 (PRO 433:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7344 (PRO 433D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1339 (PHE 435:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7354 (PHE 435D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1340 (LYS 436:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7359 (LYS 436D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1341 (PHE 437:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7364 (PHE 437D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1342 (ASN 438:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7369 (ASN 438D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1343 (LYS 439:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7374 (LYS 439D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1344 (ILE 440:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7379 (ILE 440D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1345 (LYS 443:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7384 (LYS 443D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1346 (LEU 444:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7389 (LEU 444D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1347 (LEU 445:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7394 (LEU 445D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1348 (ASP 446:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7399 (ASP 446D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1349 (GLU 447:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7404 (GLU 447D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1350 (ILE 448:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7409 (ILE 448D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1351 (GLU 449:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7414 (GLU 449D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1352 (LEU 450:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7419 (LEU 450D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1353 (LEU 451:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7424 (LEU 451D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1354 (LEU 452:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7429 (LEU 452D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1355 (VAL 453:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7434 (VAL 453D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1356 (ARG 454:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7439 (ARG 454D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1357 (TYR 455:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7444 (TYR 455D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1358 (ASP 505:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7449 (ASP 505D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1359 (GLN 506:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7454 (GLN 506D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1361 (PHE 508:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7464 (PHE 508D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1362 (GLU 509:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7469 (GLU 509D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1363 (LEU 510:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7474 (LEU 510D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1364 (LYS 511:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7479 (LYS 511D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1366 (LEU 513:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7489 (LEU 513D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1367 (LEU 514:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7494 (LEU 514D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1368 (SER 566:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7499 (SER 566D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1369 (THR 567:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7504 (THR 567D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1370 (SER 568:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7509 (SER 568D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1371 (THR 569:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7514 (THR 569D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1372 (PHE 594:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7519 (PHE 594D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1373 (LEU 595:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7524 (LEU 595D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1374 (PRO 596:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7529 (PRO 596D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1375 (LYS 597:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7534 (LYS 597D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1376 (ILE 598:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7539 (ILE 598D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1377 (GLN 599:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7544 (GLN 599D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1378 (MET 600:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7549 (MET 600D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1379 (THR 601:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7554 (THR 601D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1380 (MET 602:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7559 (MET 602D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1381 (ASP 603:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7564 (ASP 603D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1382 (TYR 604:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7569 (TYR 604D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1383 (LEU 605:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7574 (LEU 605D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1384 (PHE 606:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7579 (PHE 606D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1385 (ILE 627:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7584 (ILE 627D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1386 (PHE 628:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7589 (PHE 628D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1387 (LYS 629:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7594 (LYS 629D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1388 (THR 630:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7599 (THR 630D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1390 (LEU 632:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7609 (LEU 632D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1391 (ASP 633:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7614 (ASP 633D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1392 (PHE 634:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7619 (PHE 634D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1393 (GLN 635:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7624 (GLN 635D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1394 (ARG 636:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7629 (ARG 636D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1395 (LEU 637:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7634 (LEU 637D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1396 (PHE 638:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7639 (PHE 638D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1397 (TYR 639:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7644 (TYR 639D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1398 (ASN 640:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7649 (ASN 640D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1399 (LEU 641:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7654 (LEU 641D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1400 (LEU 642:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7659 (LEU 642D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1401 (LYS 654:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7664 (LYS 654D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1402 (ILE 655:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7669 (ILE 655D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1403 (SER 656:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7674 (SER 656D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1404 (TYR 657:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7679 (TYR 657D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1405 (CYS 658:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7684 (CYS 658D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1406 (ILE 659:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7689 (ILE 659D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1407 (LEU 660:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7694 (LEU 660D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1408 (ASP 661:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7699 (ASP 661D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1409 (LEU 662:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7704 (LEU 662D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1410 (LEU 663:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7709 (LEU 663D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1411 (ASN 664:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7714 (ASN 664D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1412 (HIS 665:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7719 (HIS 665D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1413 (PHE 666:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7724 (PHE 666D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1414 (TYR 667:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7729 (TYR 667D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1415 (ASN 668:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7734 (ASN 668D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1416 (TYR 669:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7739 (TYR 669D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1417 (TYR 670:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7744 (TYR 670D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1418 (LEU 671:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7749 (LEU 671D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1420 (LEU 673:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7758 (LEU 673D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1421 (LYS 688:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7763 (LYS 688D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1422 (ILE 689:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7768 (ILE 689D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1423 (ILE 690:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7773 (ILE 690D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1424 (THR 691:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7778 (THR 691D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1426 (ILE 698:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7787 (ILE 698D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1427 (LEU 699:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7792 (LEU 699D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1428 (MET 700:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7797 (MET 700D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1429 (ASP 701:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7802 (ASP 701D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1430 (GLN 702:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7807 (GLN 702D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1431 (GLU 703:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7812 (GLU 703D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1432 (HIS 715:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7817 (HIS 715D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1433 (GLU 716:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7822 (GLU 716D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1434 (GLU 717:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7827 (GLU 717D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1435 (SER 718:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7832 (SER 718D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1436 (ILE 719:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7837 (ILE 719D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1437 (GLU 720:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7842 (GLU 720D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1438 (LEU 721:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7847 (LEU 721D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1439 (PHE 722:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7852 (PHE 722D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1440 (LEU 746:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7857 (LEU 746D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1441 (ASP 747:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7862 (ASP 747D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1442 (THR 748:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7867 (THR 748D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1443 (ILE 749:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7872 (ILE 749D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1444 (LEU 750:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7877 (LEU 750D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1445 (GLN 751:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7882 (GLN 751D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1446 (PHE 752:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7887 (PHE 752D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1447 (SER 753:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7892 (SER 753D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1449 (SER 755:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7902 (SER 755D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1450 (VAL 756:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7907 (VAL 756D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1451 (LEU 757:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7912 (LEU 757D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1452 (TRP 758:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7917 (TRP 758D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1453 (ILE 759:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7922 (ILE 759D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1454 (LEU 760:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7927 (LEU 760D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1455 (ASN 761:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7932 (ASN 761D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1456 (TRP 762:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7937 (TRP 762D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1457 (LEU 763:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7942 (LEU 763D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1458 (PRO 764:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7947 (PRO 764D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1460 (LEU 766:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7956 (LEU 766D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1461 (LYS 767:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7961 (LYS 767D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1462 (LYS 820:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7966 (LYS 820D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1464 (SER 822:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7976 (SER 822D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1465 (LYS 823:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7981 (LYS 823D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1466 (LYS 824:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7986 (LYS 824D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1467 (PHE 825:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7991 (PHE 825D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1468 (ASP 826:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7996 (ASP 826D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1469 (GLU 827:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8001 (GLU 827D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1470 (THR 828:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8006 (THR 828D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1471 (ILE 829:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8011 (ILE 829D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1472 (ASP 830:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8016 (ASP 830D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1474 (PHE 832:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8025 (PHE 832D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1475 (LYS 833:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8030 (LYS 833D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1476 (THR 834:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8035 (THR 834D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1477 (LEU 835:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8040 (LEU 835D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1478 (LYS 836:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8045 (LYS 836D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1479 (PHE 837:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8050 (PHE 837D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1480 (LYS 838:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8055 (LYS 838D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1481 (LEU 839:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8060 (LEU 839D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1482 (ILE 840:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8065 (ILE 840D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1483 (THR 841:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8070 (THR 841D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1484 (ILE 842:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8075 (ILE 842D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1485 (LEU 843:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8080 (LEU 843D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1486 (ARG 844:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8085 (ARG 844D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1487 (PHE 845:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8090 (PHE 845D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1488 (ASN 846:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8095 (ASN 846D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1489 (ILE 847:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8100 (ILE 847D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1490 (ARG 848:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8105 (ARG 848D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1492 (LEU 850:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8115 (LEU 850D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1493 (CYS 851:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8120 (CYS 851D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1494 (ILE 852:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8125 (ILE 852D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1495 (TYR 853:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8130 (TYR 853D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1496 (GLN 876:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8135 (GLN 876D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1497 (ASN 877:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8140 (ASN 877D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1498 (ILE 878:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8145 (ILE 878D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1500 (SER 880:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8155 (SER 880D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1501 (LEU 881:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8160 (LEU 881D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1502 (ILE 882:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8165 (ILE 882D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1503 (SER 883:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8170 (SER 883D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1504 (GLU 884:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8175 (GLU 884D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1505 (LEU 885:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8180 (LEU 885D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1506 (ARG 886:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8185 (ARG 886D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1507 (ARG 887:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8190 (ARG 887D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1508 (THR 888:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8195 (THR 888D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1509 (GLU 889:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8200 (GLU 889D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1510 (SER 890:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8205 (SER 890D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1511 (LYS 891:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8210 (LYS 891D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1512 (LEU 892:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8215 (LEU 892D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1513 (LYS 893:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8220 (LYS 893D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1514 (GLN 894:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8225 (GLN 894D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1515 (GLN 895:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8230 (GLN 895D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1516 (GLU 898:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8235 (GLU 898D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1517 (LYS 899:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8240 (LYS 899D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1518 (GLU 900:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8245 (GLU 900D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1519 (LYS 901:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8250 (LYS 901D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1520 (ASN 902:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8255 (ASN 902D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1521 (SER 903:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8260 (SER 903D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1522 (ILE 904:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8265 (ILE 904D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1523 (PHE 905:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8270 (PHE 905D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1524 (ILE 906:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8275 (ILE 906D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1526 (LEU 908:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8284 (LEU 908D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1527 (ASP 909:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8289 (ASP 909D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1528 (ILE 910:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8294 (ILE 910D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1529 (VAL 911:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8299 (VAL 911D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1530 (ASN 912:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8304 (ASN 912D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1531 (ASN 913:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8309 (ASN 913D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1532 (TYR 914:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8314 (TYR 914D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1534 (LEU 916:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8324 (LEU 916D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1535 (ILE 917:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8329 (ILE 917D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1536 (LYS 918:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8334 (LYS 918D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1539 (HIS 928:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8348 (HIS 928D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1540 (ASN 929:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8353 (ASN 929D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1542 (ILE 931:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8362 (ILE 931D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1543 (LYS 932:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8367 (LYS 932D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1544 (LYS 933:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8372 (LYS 933D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1545 (MET 934:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8377 (MET 934D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1546 (LEU 935:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8382 (LEU 935D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1547 (ARG 936:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8387 (ARG 936D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1548 (ASN 937:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8392 (ASN 937D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1549 (VAL 938:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8397 (VAL 938D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1550 (ASN 939:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8402 (ASN 939D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1551 (VAL 940:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8407 (VAL 940D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1552 (LEU 941:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8412 (LEU 941D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1553 (GLN 942:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8417 (GLN 942D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1554 (HIS 943:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8422 (HIS 943D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1556 (TYR 945:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8432 (TYR 945D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1557 (ARG 946:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8437 (ARG 946D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1558 (ASN 947:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8442 (ASN 947D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1559 (LEU 948:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8447 (LEU 948D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1560 (ASN 956:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8452 (ASN 956D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1561 (MET 957:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8457 (MET 957D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1562 (ASN 958:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8462 (ASN 958D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1563 (VAL 959:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8467 (VAL 959D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1564 (THR 960:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8472 (THR 960D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1565 (MET 961:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8477 (MET 961D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1566 (ASN 962:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8482 (ASN 962D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1567 (PHE 963:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8487 (PHE 963D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1568 (TYR 964:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8492 (TYR 964D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1569 (SER 965:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8497 (SER 965D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1570 (LEU 966:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8502 (LEU 966D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1571 (CYS 967:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8507 (CYS 967D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1574 (GLU 973:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8521 (GLU 973D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1575 (LEU 974:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8526 (LEU 974D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1576 (PHE 975:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8531 (PHE 975D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1577 (GLU 976:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8536 (GLU 976D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1578 (TYR 977:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8541 (TYR 977D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1579 (VAL 988:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8546 (VAL 988D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1580 (GLU 989:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8551 (GLU 989D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1581 (ASP 990:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8556 (ASP 990D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1582 (LEU 991:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8561 (LEU 991D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1583 (LYS 992:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8566 (LYS 992D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1584 (THR 993:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8571 (THR 993D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1585 (ILE 994:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8576 (ILE 994D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1586 (LEU 995:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8581 (LEU 995D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1587 (ARG 996:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8586 (ARG 996D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1588 (LEU 997:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8591 (LEU 997D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1589 (GLN 998:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8596 (GLN 998D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1590 (PHE 999:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8601 (PHE 999D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1591 (SER 1000:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8606 (SER 1000D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1592 (GLU 1001:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8611 (GLU 1001D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1593 (GLU 1002:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8616 (GLU 1002D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1594 (MET 1003:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8621 (MET 1003D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1595 (THR 1047:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8626 (THR 1047D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1596 (LYS 1048:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8631 (LYS 1048D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1597 (ILE 1049:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8636 (ILE 1049D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1599 (LYS 1051:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8645 (LYS 1051D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1600 (LEU 1052:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8650 (LEU 1052D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1601 (LYS 1053:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8655 (LYS 1053D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1602 (TRP 11:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8660 (TRP 11E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1603 (LYS 12:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8665 (LYS 12E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1604 (LYS 13:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8670 (LYS 13E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1605 (LEU 14:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8675 (LEU 14E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1606 (THR 17:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8680 (THR 17E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1607 (ASP 18:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8685 (ASP 18E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1608 (ASN 19:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8690 (ASN 19E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1609 (PHE 20:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8695 (PHE 20E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1610 (ILE 60:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8700 (ILE 60E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1611 (ARG 61:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8705 (ARG 61E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1612 (GLU 62:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8710 (GLU 62E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1614 (LYS 71:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8720 (LYS 71E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1615 (PRO 72:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8725 (PRO 72E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1616 (TYR 73:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8730 (TYR 73E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1617 (ILE 74:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8735 (ILE 74E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1618 (ARG 75:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8740 (ARG 75E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1619 (THR 76:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8745 (THR 76E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1620 (PHE 77:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8750 (PHE 77E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1621 (GLU 78:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8755 (GLU 78E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1622 (SER 79:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8760 (SER 79E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1623 (THR 80:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8765 (THR 80E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1624 (LEU 81:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8770 (LEU 81E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1625 (LYS 82:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8775 (LYS 82E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1626 (GLU 83:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8780 (GLU 83E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1627 (LEU 84:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8785 (LEU 84E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1628 (LYS 85:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8790 (LYS 85E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1629 (ASN 86:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8795 (ASN 86E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1630 (LEU 87:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8800 (LEU 87E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1631 (ASN 88:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8805 (ASN 88E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1632 (GLU 89:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8810 (GLU 89E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1633 (GLU 90:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8815 (GLU 90E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1634 (THR 91:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8820 (THR 91E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1635 (LEU 92:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8825 (LEU 92E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1636 (ASN 93:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8830 (ASN 93E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1637 (LYS 94:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8835 (LYS 94E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1638 (ARG 95:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8840 (ARG 95E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1639 (GLN 101:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8845 (GLN 101E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1640 (VAL 102:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8850 (VAL 102E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1642 (THR 104:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8860 (THR 104E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1643 (GLN 105:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8865 (GLN 105E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1644 (GLU 106:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8870 (GLU 106E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1645 (VAL 107:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8875 (VAL 107E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1646 (ILE 108:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8880 (ILE 108E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1647 (HIS 109:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8885 (HIS 109E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1648 (SER 110:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8890 (SER 110E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1649 (GLU 111:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8895 (GLU 111E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1650 (ASN 112:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8900 (ASN 112E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1651 (VAL 113:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8905 (VAL 113E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1652 (ILE 114:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8910 (ILE 114E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1653 (LYS 115:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8915 (LYS 115E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1654 (LEU 116:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8920 (LEU 116E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1655 (SER 117:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8925 (SER 117E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1656 (LYS 118:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8930 (LYS 118E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1657 (ASP 119:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8935 (ASP 119E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1658 (LEU 120:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8940 (LEU 120E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1659 (HIS 121:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8945 (HIS 121E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1660 (THR 122:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8950 (THR 122E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1661 (THR 123:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8955 (THR 123E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1662 (LEU 124:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8960 (LEU 124E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1663 (LEU 125:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8965 (LEU 125E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1664 (THR 126:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8970 (THR 126E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1665 (PHE 127:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8975 (PHE 127E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1666 (ASP 128:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8980 (ASP 128E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1667 (LYS 129:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8985 (LYS 129E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1668 (LEU 130:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8990 (LEU 130E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1669 (ASP 131:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8995 (ASP 131E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1670 (ASP 132:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9000 (ASP 132E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1671 (ARG 133:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9005 (ARG 133E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1672 (LEU 134:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9010 (LEU 134E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1673 (THR 135:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9015 (THR 135E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1674 (ASN 136:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9020 (ASN 136E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1675 (VAL 137:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9025 (VAL 137E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1676 (THR 138:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9030 (THR 138E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1677 (GLN 139:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9035 (GLN 139E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1678 (VAL 140:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9040 (VAL 140E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1679 (SER 142:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9045 (SER 142E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1680 (PRO 143:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9050 (PRO 143E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1681 (LEU 144:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9055 (LEU 144E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1683 (ASP 146:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9064 (ASP 146E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1684 (LYS 147:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9069 (LYS 147E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1685 (LEU 148:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9074 (LEU 148E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1686 (LYS 155:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9079 (LYS 155E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1687 (GLN 156:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9084 (GLN 156E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1688 (ASN 157:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9089 (ASN 157E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1689 (TYR 158:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9094 (TYR 158E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1690 (ILE 159:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9099 (ILE 159E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1691 (GLN 160:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9104 (GLN 160E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1692 (SER 161:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9109 (SER 161E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1693 (VAL 162:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9114 (VAL 162E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1694 (GLU 163:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9119 (GLU 163E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1695 (LEU 164:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9124 (LEU 164E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1696 (ILE 165:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9129 (ILE 165E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1697 (ARG 166:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9134 (ARG 166E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1698 (ARG 167:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9139 (ARG 167E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1699 (TYR 168:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9144 (TYR 168E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1700 (ASN 169:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9149 (ASN 169E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1701 (ASP 170:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9154 (ASP 170E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1702 (MET 199:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9159 (MET 199E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1703 (LYS 200:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9164 (LYS 200E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1704 (ASN 201:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9169 (ASN 201E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1705 (LEU 202:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9174 (LEU 202E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1706 (LYS 216:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9179 (LYS 216E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1707 (THR 217:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9184 (THR 217E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1708 (ILE 218:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9189 (ILE 218E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1709 (ASN 219:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9194 (ASN 219E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1710 (THR 220:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9199 (THR 220E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1711 (LYS 221:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9204 (LYS 221E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1712 (LEU 222:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9209 (LEU 222E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1713 (VAL 223:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9214 (VAL 223E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1714 (ILE 224:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9219 (ILE 224E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1715 (GLU 225:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9224 (GLU 225E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1716 (LYS 226:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9229 (LYS 226E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1717 (TYR 227:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9234 (TYR 227E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1718 (SER 228:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9239 (SER 228E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1719 (GLU 229:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9244 (GLU 229E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1720 (MET 230:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9249 (MET 230E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1721 (MET 231:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9254 (MET 231E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1722 (GLU 232:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9259 (GLU 232E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1723 (ASN 233:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9264 (ASN 233E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1724 (GLU 234:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9269 (GLU 234E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1725 (LEU 235:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9274 (LEU 235E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1726 (LEU 236:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9279 (LEU 236E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1727 (GLU 237:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9284 (GLU 237E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1728 (ASN 238:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9289 (ASN 238E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1729 (PHE 239:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9294 (PHE 239E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1730 (ASN 252:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9299 (ASN 252E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1731 (GLU 253:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9304 (GLU 253E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1732 (ILE 254:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9309 (ILE 254E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1734 (VAL 265:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9319 (VAL 265E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1735 (ASN 266:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9324 (ASN 266E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1736 (VAL 267:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9329 (VAL 267E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1737 (ILE 268:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9334 (ILE 268E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1738 (GLN 269:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9339 (GLN 269E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1739 (GLN 319:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9344 (GLN 319E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1740 (ASN 320:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9349 (ASN 320E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1741 (LEU 321:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9354 (LEU 321E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1742 (ILE 322:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9359 (ILE 322E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1743 (ASN 323:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9364 (ASN 323E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1744 (ASP 324:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9369 (ASP 324E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1745 (VAL 325:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9374 (VAL 325E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1746 (GLU 326:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9379 (GLU 326E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1747 (THR 327:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9384 (THR 327E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1748 (VAL 328:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9389 (VAL 328E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1749 (ILE 329:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9394 (ILE 329E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1750 (LYS 330:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9399 (LYS 330E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1751 (ASN 331:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9404 (ASN 331E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1752 (GLU 332:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9409 (GLU 332E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1753 (SER 333:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9414 (SER 333E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1754 (LYS 334:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9419 (LYS 334E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1755 (ILE 335:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9424 (ILE 335E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1756 (VAL 336:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9429 (VAL 336E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1757 (LYS 337:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9434 (LYS 337E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1758 (ARG 338:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9439 (ARG 338E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1760 (THR 345:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9449 (THR 345E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1761 (HIS 346:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9454 (HIS 346E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1762 (VAL 347:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9459 (VAL 347E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1763 (GLN 353:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9464 (GLN 353E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1764 (ARG 354:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9469 (ARG 354E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1765 (VAL 355:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9474 (VAL 355E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1766 (PHE 356:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9479 (PHE 356E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1768 (GLN 358:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9489 (GLN 358E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1769 (PRO 362:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9494 (PRO 362E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1770 (ARG 363:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9499 (ARG 363E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1771 (PHE 364:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9504 (PHE 364E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1772 (GLU 365:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9509 (GLU 365E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1773 (VAL 366:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9514 (VAL 366E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1774 (LEU 367:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9519 (LEU 367E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1775 (LEU 368:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9524 (LEU 368E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1776 (ARG 369:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9529 (ARG 369E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1777 (ASN 370:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9534 (ASN 370E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1778 (SER 371:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9539 (SER 371E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1779 (LEU 372:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9544 (LEU 372E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1780 (SER 373:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9549 (SER 373E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1781 (ILE 374:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9554 (ILE 374E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1782 (LEU 377:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9559 (LEU 377E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1784 (TYR 379:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9569 (TYR 379E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1785 (VAL 380:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9574 (VAL 380E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1786 (ARG 381:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9579 (ARG 381E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1787 (ILE 382:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9584 (ILE 382E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1788 (LEU 383:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9589 (LEU 383E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1789 (HIS 384:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9594 (HIS 384E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1791 (LEU 386:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9603 (LEU 386E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1792 (PHE 387:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9608 (PHE 387E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1793 (THR 388:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9613 (THR 388E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1794 (LEU 389:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9618 (LEU 389E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1795 (PHE 390:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9623 (PHE 390E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1797 (LYS 392:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9632 (LYS 392E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1798 (PHE 393:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9637 (PHE 393E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1799 (THR 394:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9642 (THR 394E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1800 (LYS 395:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9647 (LYS 395E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1801 (SER 396:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9652 (SER 396E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1802 (LEU 397:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9657 (LEU 397E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1803 (ILE 398:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9662 (ILE 398E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1804 (ASP 399:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9667 (ASP 399E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1805 (TYR 400:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9672 (TYR 400E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1806 (PHE 401:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9677 (PHE 401E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1807 (GLN 402:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9682 (GLN 402E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1808 (LEU 403:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9687 (LEU 403E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1809 (ASP 407:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9692 (ASP 407E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1810 (ASP 408:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9697 (ASP 408E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1811 (SER 409:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9702 (SER 409E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1812 (ASN 410:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9707 (ASN 410E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1813 (SER 414:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9712 (SER 414E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1814 (THR 415:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9717 (THR 415E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1815 (THR 416:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9722 (THR 416E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1816 (LEU 417:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9727 (LEU 417E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1817 (GLU 418:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9732 (GLU 418E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1818 (GLN 419:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9737 (GLN 419E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1819 (CYS 420:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9742 (CYS 420E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1820 (PHE 421:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9747 (PHE 421E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1822 (ASP 423:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9757 (ASP 423E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1823 (LEU 424:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9762 (LEU 424E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1824 (PHE 425:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9767 (PHE 425E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1825 (SER 426:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9772 (SER 426E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1827 (ILE 438:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9781 (ILE 438E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1828 (GLU 439:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9786 (GLU 439E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1829 (LYS 440:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9791 (LYS 440E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1830 (ARG 441:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9796 (ARG 441E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1831 (SER 442:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9801 (SER 442E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1832 (LEU 443:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9806 (LEU 443E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1833 (GLU 444:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9811 (GLU 444E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1835 (ILE 446:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9821 (ILE 446E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1836 (LEU 447:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9826 (LEU 447E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1837 (VAL 448:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9831 (VAL 448E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1838 (ASP 449:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9836 (ASP 449E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1839 (MET 450:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9841 (MET 450E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1840 (THR 451:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9846 (THR 451E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1841 (SER 452:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9851 (SER 452E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1842 (VAL 456:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9856 (VAL 456E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1843 (ASN 457:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9861 (ASN 457E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1844 (TYR 458:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9866 (TYR 458E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1845 (ASP 459:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9871 (ASP 459E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1846 (ASN 571:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9876 (ASN 571E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1847 (ASP 572:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9881 (ASP 572E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1848 (VAL 573:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9886 (VAL 573E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1849 (ASP 574:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9891 (ASP 574E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1850 (SER 575:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9896 (SER 575E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1851 (MET 576:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9901 (MET 576E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1852 (LEU 577:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9906 (LEU 577E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1853 (LYS 578:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9911 (LYS 578E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1854 (CYS 579:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9916 (CYS 579E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1855 (VAL 580:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9921 (VAL 580E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1856 (VAL 581:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9926 (VAL 581E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1857 (GLU 582:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9931 (GLU 582E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1858 (SER 583:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9936 (SER 583E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1859 (THR 584:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9941 (THR 584E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1861 (ARG 586:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9951 (ARG 586E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1862 (VAL 587:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9956 (VAL 587E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1863 (MET 588:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9961 (MET 588E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1864 (GLU 589:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9966 (GLU 589E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1865 (LEU 590:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9971 (LEU 590E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1866 (HIS 596:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9976 (HIS 596E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1867 (LEU 597:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9981 (LEU 597E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1868 (TYR 598:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9986 (TYR 598E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1869 (ILE 599:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9991 (ILE 599E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1870 (LEU 600:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9996 (LEU 600E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1871 (GLU 601:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10001 (GLU 601E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1872 (ILE 602:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10006 (ILE 602E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1873 (LEU 603:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10011 (LEU 603E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1874 (LYS 604:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10016 (LYS 604E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1875 (ILE 605:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10021 (ILE 605E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1876 (MET 606:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10026 (MET 606E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1877 (PHE 607:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10031 (PHE 607E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1878 (LEU 608:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10036 (LEU 608E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1880 (PHE 642:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10045 (PHE 642E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1881 (LEU 643:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10050 (LEU 643E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1882 (LYS 644:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10055 (LYS 644E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1883 (PHE 645:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10060 (PHE 645E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1884 (ILE 646:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10065 (ILE 646E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1885 (SER 647:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10070 (SER 647E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1886 (MET 648:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10075 (MET 648E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1887 (SER 649:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10080 (SER 649E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1888 (THR 650:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10085 (THR 650E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1889 (GLU 651:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10090 (GLU 651E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1890 (ILE 652:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10095 (ILE 652E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1891 (LEU 653:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10100 (LEU 653E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1892 (ASP 654:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10105 (ASP 654E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1893 (LEU 655:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10110 (LEU 655E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1894 (LEU 656:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10115 (LEU 656E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1895 (SER 657:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10120 (SER 657E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1896 (ILE 658:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10125 (ILE 658E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1897 (SER 659:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10130 (SER 659E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1898 (ILE 660:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10135 (ILE 660E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1899 (LYS 661:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10140 (LYS 661E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1900 (SER 662:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10145 (SER 662E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1901 (ILE 663:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10150 (ILE 663E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1902 (PHE 664:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10155 (PHE 664E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1903 (LEU 665:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10160 (LEU 665E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1904 (PRO 666:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10165 (PRO 666E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1905 (LEU 667:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10170 (LEU 667E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1906 (LYS 675:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10175 (LYS 675E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1908 (GLN 677:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10185 (GLN 677E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1909 (ILE 678:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10190 (ILE 678E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1910 (ASN 683:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10195 (ASN 683E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1911 (SER 684:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10200 (SER 684E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1912 (GLN 685:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10205 (GLN 685E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1913 (ILE 686:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10210 (ILE 686E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1914 (GLN 687:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10215 (GLN 687E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1915 (LYS 688:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10220 (LYS 688E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1916 (MET 689:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10225 (MET 689E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1917 (GLU 690:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10230 (GLU 690E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1918 (ILE 691:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10235 (ILE 691E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1919 (LEU 692:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10240 (LEU 692E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1920 (ILE 693:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10245 (ILE 693E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1921 (ILE 701:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10250 (ILE 701E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1922 (THR 702:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10255 (THR 702E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1923 (VAL 703:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10260 (VAL 703E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1924 (ILE 704:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10265 (ILE 704E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1925 (SER 705:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10270 (SER 705E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1926 (THR 706:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10275 (THR 706E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1927 (LYS 707:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10280 (LYS 707E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1928 (PHE 708:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10285 (PHE 708E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1929 (SER 709:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10290 (SER 709E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1931 (ILE 711:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10300 (ILE 711E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1932 (LEU 712:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10305 (LEU 712E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1933 (LEU 733:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10310 (LEU 733E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1934 (PRO 734:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10315 (PRO 734E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1936 (ILE 736:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10325 (ILE 736E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1937 (GLU 737:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10330 (GLU 737E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1938 (ILE 738:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10335 (ILE 738E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1939 (VAL 739:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10340 (VAL 739E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1940 (ASN 740:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10345 (ASN 740E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1941 (ILE 741:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10350 (ILE 741E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1942 (LEU 758:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10355 (LEU 758E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1943 (GLN 759:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10360 (GLN 759E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1944 (THR 760:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10365 (THR 760E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1945 (PHE 761:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10370 (PHE 761E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1946 (LEU 762:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10375 (LEU 762E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1947 (THR 763:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10380 (THR 763E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1948 (LEU 764:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10385 (LEU 764E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1949 (ILE 765:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10390 (ILE 765E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1951 (GLU 767:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10399 (GLU 767E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1952 (GLU 768:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10404 (GLU 768E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1953 (LEU 769:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10409 (LEU 769E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1954 (TYR 770:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10414 (TYR 770E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1956 (LEU 772:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10423 (LEU 772E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1957 (LEU 773:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10428 (LEU 773E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1960 (VAL 788:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10441 (VAL 788E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1961 (VAL 789:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10446 (VAL 789E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1962 (VAL 790:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10451 (VAL 790E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1963 (THR 791:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10456 (THR 791E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1964 (LYS 792:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10461 (LYS 792E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1965 (ASP 793:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10466 (ASP 793E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1966 (ILE 795:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10471 (ILE 795E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1968 (TYR 797:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10480 (TYR 797E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1969 (GLN 798:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10485 (GLN 798E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1970 (THR 799:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10490 (THR 799E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1972 (ILE 801:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10500 (ILE 801E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1973 (THR 815:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10505 (THR 815E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1974 (LEU 816:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10510 (LEU 816E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1975 (ARG 817:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10515 (ARG 817E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1976 (GLU 818:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10520 (GLU 818E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1977 (LEU 819:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10525 (LEU 819E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1979 (PHE 61:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10535 (PHE 61F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1980 (ASP 62:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10540 (ASP 62F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1981 (LYS 63:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10545 (LYS 63F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1982 (TRP 64:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10550 (TRP 64F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1983 (VAL 65:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10555 (VAL 65F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1984 (PRO 66:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10560 (PRO 66F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1985 (PHE 67:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10565 (PHE 67F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1986 (LEU 68:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10570 (LEU 68F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1987 (ASP 78:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10575 (ASP 78F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1988 (PRO 79:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10580 (PRO 79F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1989 (VAL 80:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10585 (VAL 80F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1990 (ILE 81:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10590 (ILE 81F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1991 (ASP 82:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10595 (ASP 82F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1992 (GLU 83:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10600 (GLU 83F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1993 (LEU 84:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10605 (LEU 84F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1994 (GLU 85:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10610 (GLU 85F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1995 (ASN 86:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10615 (ASN 86F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1996 (SER 87:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10620 (SER 87F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1997 (ILE 88:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10625 (ILE 88F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1998 (GLU 89:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10630 (GLU 89F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1999 (ASP 90:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10635 (ASP 90F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2000 (ASN 91:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10640 (ASN 91F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2001 (PHE 92:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10645 (PHE 92F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2002 (GLN 93:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10650 (GLN 93F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2004 (LEU 95:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10659 (LEU 95F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2005 (GLU 96:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10664 (GLU 96F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2006 (LEU 97:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10669 (LEU 97F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2007 (GLN 98:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10674 (GLN 98F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2008 (LEU 99:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10679 (LEU 99F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2009 (LEU 100:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10684 (LEU 100F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2010 (GLN 101:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10689 (GLN 101F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2011 (GLU 110:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10694 (GLU 110F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2012 (THR 111:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10699 (THR 111F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2013 (SER 112:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10704 (SER 112F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2014 (ILE 113:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10709 (ILE 113F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2015 (ASP 114:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10714 (ASP 114F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2016 (GLU 115:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10719 (GLU 115F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2017 (ILE 116:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10724 (ILE 116F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2019 (ASN 118:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10734 (ASN 118F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2020 (ILE 119:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10739 (ILE 119F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2021 (GLN 120:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10744 (GLN 120F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2023 (MET 122:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10753 (MET 122F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2024 (VAL 123:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10758 (VAL 123F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2025 (GLN 124:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10763 (GLN 124F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2026 (ASP 125:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10768 (ASP 125F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2027 (THR 126:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10773 (THR 126F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2028 (LEU 127:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10778 (LEU 127F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2029 (SER 128:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10783 (SER 128F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2030 (SER 129:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10788 (SER 129F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2031 (GLU 130:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10793 (GLU 130F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2032 (ILE 131:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10798 (ILE 131F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2033 (SER 132:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10803 (SER 132F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2034 (LYS 133:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10808 (LYS 133F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2035 (PHE 134:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10813 (PHE 134F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2036 (GLN 135:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10818 (GLN 135F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2037 (ILE 136:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10823 (ILE 136F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2038 (ARG 137:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10828 (ARG 137F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2039 (LEU 138:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10833 (LEU 138F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2040 (SER 139:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10838 (SER 139F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2041 (GLU 140:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10843 (GLU 140F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2042 (SER 141:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10848 (SER 141F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2044 (ASN 143:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10858 (ASN 143F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2045 (GLU 144:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10863 (GLU 144F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2046 (ASN 154:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10868 (ASN 154F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2047 (ASN 155:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10873 (ASN 155F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2048 (LYS 156:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10878 (LYS 156F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2049 (LYS 157:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10883 (LYS 157F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2050 (ILE 158:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10888 (ILE 158F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2051 (SER 159:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10893 (SER 159F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2052 (LEU 160:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10898 (LEU 160F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2053 (LYS 161:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10903 (LYS 161F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2054 (ILE 162:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10908 (ILE 162F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2055 (SER 163:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10913 (SER 163F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2056 (GLU 164:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10918 (GLU 164F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2058 (THR 166:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10928 (THR 166F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2059 (ILE 167:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10933 (ILE 167F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2060 (LEU 168:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10938 (LEU 168F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2061 (ILE 169:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10943 (ILE 169F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2062 (THR 170:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10948 (THR 170F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2063 (LYS 171:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10953 (LYS 171F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2064 (VAL 172:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10958 (VAL 172F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2065 (VAL 173:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10963 (VAL 173F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2066 (ARG 174:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10968 (ARG 174F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2067 (ILE 175:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10973 (ILE 175F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2068 (LEU 176:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10978 (LEU 176F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2069 (GLU 177:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10983 (GLU 177F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2070 (LEU 178:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10988 (LEU 178F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2071 (SER 179:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10993 (SER 179F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2072 (SER 180:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10998 (SER 180F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2073 (LYS 181:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11003 (LYS 181F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2074 (CYS 182:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11008 (CYS 182F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2075 (GLN 183:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11013 (GLN 183F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2076 (GLU 184:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11018 (GLU 184F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2077 (LEU 185:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11023 (LEU 185F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2078 (ILE 186:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11028 (ILE 186F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2079 (LYS 193:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11033 (LYS 193F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2080 (VAL 194:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11038 (VAL 194F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2081 (LEU 195:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11043 (LEU 195F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2082 (GLN 196:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11048 (GLN 196F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2083 (ASN 197:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11053 (ASN 197F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2084 (LEU 198:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11058 (LEU 198F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2085 (ASP 199:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11063 (ASP 199F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2086 (SER 200:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11068 (SER 200F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2087 (LEU 201:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11073 (LEU 201F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2088 (GLU 202:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11078 (GLU 202F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2089 (LEU 217:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11083 (LEU 217F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2090 (ILE 218:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11088 (ILE 218F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2091 (GLU 219:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11093 (GLU 219F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2092 (ILE 220:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11098 (ILE 220F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2093 (TYR 221:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11103 (TYR 221F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2094 (ASN 222:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11108 (ASN 222F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2095 (SER 223:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11113 (SER 223F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2096 (PRO 225:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11118 (PRO 225F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2097 (PHE 226:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11123 (PHE 226F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2098 (LEU 227:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11128 (LEU 227F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2099 (GLN 228:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11133 (GLN 228F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2100 (LYS 229:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11138 (LYS 229F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2101 (VAL 230:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11143 (VAL 230F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2102 (THR 231:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11148 (THR 231F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2103 (LYS 232:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11153 (LYS 232F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2104 (ASP 233:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11158 (ASP 233F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2105 (GLU 234:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11163 (GLU 234F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2106 (CYS 235:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11168 (CYS 235F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2107 (ILE 236:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11173 (ILE 236F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2108 (ASN 237:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11178 (ASN 237F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2109 (LEU 238:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11183 (LEU 238F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2110 (ILE 239:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11188 (ILE 239F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2111 (SER 242:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11193 (SER 242F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2112 (LEU 243:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11198 (LEU 243F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2113 (ASN 244:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11203 (ASN 244F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2114 (LEU 245:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11208 (LEU 245F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2115 (ASN 246:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11213 (ASN 246F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2116 (LEU 247:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11218 (LEU 247F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2117 (ILE 252:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11223 (ILE 252F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2118 (LYS 253:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11228 (LYS 253F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2119 (VAL 254:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11233 (VAL 254F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2121 (GLN 256:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11242 (GLN 256F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2122 (GLU 257:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11247 (GLU 257F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2123 (PHE 258:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11252 (PHE 258F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2124 (VAL 259:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11257 (VAL 259F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2126 (ILE 261:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11267 (ILE 261F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2127 (TYR 262:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11272 (TYR 262F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2128 (GLU 263:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11277 (GLU 263F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2129 (ASN 264:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11282 (ASN 264F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2130 (GLU 265:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11287 (GLU 265F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2131 (LEU 267:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11292 (LEU 267F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2132 (PRO 268:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11297 (PRO 268F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2133 (GLN 269:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11302 (GLN 269F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2134 (TRP 270:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11307 (TRP 270F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2135 (LEU 271:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11312 (LEU 271F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2136 (GLU 272:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11317 (GLU 272F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2137 (THR 273:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11322 (THR 273F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2138 (ASN 285:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11327 (ASN 285F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2139 (SER 286:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11332 (SER 286F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2140 (PRO 287:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11337 (PRO 287F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2141 (ILE 288:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11342 (ILE 288F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2142 (GLU 289:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11347 (GLU 289F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2143 (ILE 290:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11352 (ILE 290F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2144 (LEU 309:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11357 (LEU 309F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2145 (ASP 310:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11362 (ASP 310F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2146 (ASP 311:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11367 (ASP 311F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2147 (PHE 312:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11372 (PHE 312F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2148 (HIS 313:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11377 (HIS 313F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2149 (ASP 314:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11382 (ASP 314F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2150 (SER 315:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11387 (SER 315F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2151 (ILE 316:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11392 (ILE 316F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2152 (MET 317:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11397 (MET 317F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2153 (ILE 318:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11402 (ILE 318F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2154 (LEU 328:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11407 (LEU 328F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2155 (SER 329:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11412 (SER 329F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2157 (GLU 331:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11421 (GLU 331F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2158 (PHE 332:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11426 (PHE 332F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2159 (ASN 333:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11431 (ASN 333F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2160 (LYS 334:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11436 (LYS 334F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2161 (GLU 335:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11441 (GLU 335F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2162 (TYR 336:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11446 (TYR 336F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2163 (GLU 337:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11451 (GLU 337F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2164 (LEU 338:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11456 (LEU 338F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2165 (ARG 339:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11461 (ARG 339F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2166 (LYS 340:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11466 (LYS 340F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2167 (HIS 390:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11471 (HIS 390F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2168 (PHE 391:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11476 (PHE 391F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2169 (LEU 392:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11481 (LEU 392F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2170 (GLN 393:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11486 (GLN 393F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2171 (ASP 394:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11491 (ASP 394F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2172 (TYR 395:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11496 (TYR 395F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2173 (PHE 396:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11501 (PHE 396F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2174 (LEU 397:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11506 (LEU 397F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2175 (LYS 398:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11511 (LYS 398F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2176 (ILE 399:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11516 (ILE 399F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2177 (LEU 400:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11521 (LEU 400F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2179 (PHE 402:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11530 (PHE 402F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2180 (LEU 403:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11535 (LEU 403F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2181 (LEU 404:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11540 (LEU 404F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2182 (TYR 405:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11545 (TYR 405F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2183 (ASN 423:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11550 (ASN 423F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2184 (SER 424:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11555 (SER 424F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2185 (THR 425:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11560 (THR 425F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2186 (ASN 426:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11565 (ASN 426F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2187 (GLU 427:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11570 (GLU 427F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2188 (PHE 428:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11575 (PHE 428F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2189 (TRP 429:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11580 (TRP 429F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2190 (ASP 430:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11585 (ASP 430F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2192 (LEU 432:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11594 (LEU 432F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2193 (MET 433:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11599 (MET 433F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2194 (ASP 434:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11604 (ASP 434F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2195 (ARG 435:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11609 (ARG 435F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2196 (LEU 436:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11614 (LEU 436F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2197 (SER 437:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11619 (SER 437F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2198 (PRO 438:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11624 (PRO 438F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2199 (TYR 439:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11629 (TYR 439F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2200 (LEU 440:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11634 (LEU 440F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2201 (SER 441:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11639 (SER 441F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2202 (ILE 455:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11644 (ILE 455F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2203 (LYS 456:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11649 (LYS 456F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2204 (LEU 457:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11654 (LEU 457F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2205 (LYS 458:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11659 (LYS 458F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2206 (ASP 459:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11664 (ASP 459F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2207 (CYS 462:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11669 (CYS 462F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2208 (ILE 463:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11674 (ILE 463F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2209 (TYR 464:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11679 (TYR 464F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2210 (VAL 465:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11684 (VAL 465F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2212 (GLU 476:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11694 (GLU 476F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2213 (PRO 477:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11699 (PRO 477F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2214 (LEU 478:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11704 (LEU 478F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2215 (TYR 479:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11709 (TYR 479F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2216 (LYS 480:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11714 (LYS 480F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2217 (ILE 481:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11719 (ILE 481F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2218 (LEU 482:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11724 (LEU 482F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2219 (VAL 483:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11729 (VAL 483F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2220 (SER 484:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11734 (SER 484F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2221 (ILE 485:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11739 (ILE 485F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2222 (PHE 486:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11744 (PHE 486F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2223 (GLU 487:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11749 (GLU 487F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2224 (LYS 488:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11754 (LYS 488F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2225 (PHE 489:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11759 (PHE 489F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2226 (CYS 490:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11764 (CYS 490F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2227 (SER 491:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11769 (SER 491F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2228 (VAL 492:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11774 (VAL 492F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2229 (SER 493:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11779 (SER 493F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2230 (LEU 494:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11784 (LEU 494F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2231 (ARG 495:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11789 (ARG 495F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2232 (ILE 503:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11794 (ILE 503F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2233 (LEU 504:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11799 (LEU 504F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2234 (LEU 505:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11804 (LEU 505F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2235 (ASN 506:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11809 (ASN 506F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2236 (TYR 521:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11814 (TYR 521F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2237 (GLU 522:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11819 (GLU 522F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2238 (LYS 523:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11824 (LYS 523F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2239 (VAL 524:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11829 (VAL 524F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2240 (LEU 525:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11834 (LEU 525F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2241 (LYS 526:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11839 (LYS 526F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2242 (ILE 527:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11844 (ILE 527F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2243 (THR 560:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11849 (THR 560F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2244 (CYS 561:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11854 (CYS 561F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2245 (THR 562:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11859 (THR 562F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2246 (LEU 563:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11864 (LEU 563F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2248 (LYS 565:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11874 (LYS 565F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2249 (LYS 566:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11879 (LYS 566F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2250 (THR 567:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11884 (THR 567F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2251 (TYR 568:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11889 (TYR 568F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2252 (SER 569:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11894 (SER 569F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2253 (LYS 570:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11899 (LYS 570F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2254 (ILE 571:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11904 (ILE 571F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2255 (THR 572:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11909 (THR 572F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2257 (PHE 574:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11919 (PHE 574F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2258 (LEU 590:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11924 (LEU 590F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2259 (VAL 591:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11929 (VAL 591F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2260 (LYS 592:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11934 (LYS 592F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2261 (THR 593:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11939 (THR 593F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2262 (MET 594:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11944 (MET 594F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2263 (ASP 595:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11949 (ASP 595F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2264 (ASP 596:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11954 (ASP 596F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2265 (LYS 605:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11959 (LYS 605F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2266 (ILE 606:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11964 (ILE 606F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2267 (ARG 607:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11969 (ARG 607F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2268 (SER 608:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11974 (SER 608F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2269 (LYS 609:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11979 (LYS 609F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2270 (LEU 610:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11984 (LEU 610F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2271 (GLU 611:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11989 (GLU 611F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2272 (VAL 623:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11994 (VAL 623F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2273 (ASN 624:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11999 (ASN 624F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2274 (LEU 625:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12004 (LEU 625F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2275 (ASP 626:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12009 (ASP 626F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2276 (ILE 630:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12014 (ILE 630F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2279 (LYS 633:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12029 (LYS 633F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2280 (GLU 634:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12034 (GLU 634F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2281 (PHE 635:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12039 (PHE 635F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2282 (SER 655:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12044 (SER 655F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2283 (SER 656:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12049 (SER 656F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2284 (ILE 657:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12054 (ILE 657F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2285 (LYS 658:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12059 (LYS 658F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2286 (TYR 659:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12064 (TYR 659F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2287 (LEU 660:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12069 (LEU 660F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2289 (GLU 662:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12079 (GLU 662F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2290 (SER 663:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12084 (SER 663F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2291 (ARG 664:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12089 (ARG 664F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2292 (LYS 665:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12094 (LYS 665F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2293 (LEU 666:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12099 (LEU 666F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2295 (GLU 668:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12109 (GLU 668F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2296 (THR 669:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12114 (THR 669F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2297 (LYS 670:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12119 (LYS 670F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2298 (LEU 671:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12124 (LEU 671F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2299 (ILE 672:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12129 (ILE 672F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2300 (GLU 673:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12134 (GLU 673F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2301 (LEU 674:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12139 (LEU 674F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2302 (ILE 675:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12144 (ILE 675F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2303 (ASP 676:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12149 (ASP 676F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2304 (SER 677:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12154 (SER 677F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2305 (LYS 678:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12159 (LYS 678F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2306 (SER 702:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12164 (SER 702F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2307 (ILE 703:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12169 (ILE 703F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2308 (ILE 704:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12174 (ILE 704F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2309 (ASP 705:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12179 (ASP 705F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2310 (LEU 706:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12184 (LEU 706F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2312 (GLN 708:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12194 (GLN 708F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2313 (PHE 709:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12199 (PHE 709F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2314 (LEU 710:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12204 (LEU 710F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2315 (GLU 711:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12209 (GLU 711F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2316 (MET 712:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12214 (MET 712F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2317 (LEU 729:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12219 (LEU 729F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2318 (ILE 730:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12224 (ILE 730F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2319 (PHE 731:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12229 (PHE 731F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2320 (ARG 732:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12234 (ARG 732F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2321 (SER 736:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12239 (SER 736F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2322 (LEU 737:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12244 (LEU 737F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2323 (THR 738:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12249 (THR 738F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2324 (ARG 739:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12254 (ARG 739F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2325 (GLN 740:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12259 (GLN 740F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2326 (PHE 741:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12264 (PHE 741F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2327 (MET 742:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12269 (MET 742F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2329 (LEU 744:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12278 (LEU 744F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2330 (SER 757:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12283 (SER 757F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2331 (ILE 758:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12288 (ILE 758F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2332 (MET 759:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12293 (MET 759F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2333 (ASN 760:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12298 (ASN 760F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2334 (PHE 761:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12303 (PHE 761F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2335 (GLU 762:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12308 (GLU 762F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2336 (ASN 840:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12313 (ASN 840F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2337 (GLU 841:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12318 (GLU 841F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2338 (PRO 842:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12323 (PRO 842F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2339 (GLU 843:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12328 (GLU 843F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2340 (ILE 844:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12333 (ILE 844F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2341 (ARG 845:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12338 (ARG 845F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2342 (LEU 846:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12343 (LEU 846F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2343 (ARG 847:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12348 (ARG 847F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2345 (LEU 859:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12358 (LEU 859F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2346 (LEU 860:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12363 (LEU 860F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2347 (LEU 861:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12368 (LEU 861F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2348 (LYS 863:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12373 (LYS 863F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2349 (ILE 864:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12378 (ILE 864F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2350 (GLN 865:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12383 (GLN 865F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2351 (HIS 866:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12388 (HIS 866F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2352 (THR 879:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12393 (THR 879F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2353 (SER 880:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12398 (SER 880F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2354 (VAL 881:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12403 (VAL 881F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2355 (MET 882:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12408 (MET 882F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2356 (ASP 883:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12413 (ASP 883F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2357 (SER 884:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12418 (SER 884F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2358 (SER 885:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12423 (SER 885F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2359 (ILE 7:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12428 (ILE 7G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2360 (ASP 8:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12433 (ASP 8G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2361 (GLU 9:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12438 (GLU 9G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2363 (ASP 11:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12448 (ASP 11G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2364 (VAL 12:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12453 (VAL 12G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2365 (LEU 13:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12458 (LEU 13G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2366 (VAL 14:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12463 (VAL 14G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2367 (LEU 15:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12468 (LEU 15G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2368 (SER 16:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12473 (SER 16G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2369 (GLN 17:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12478 (GLN 17G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2370 (GLU 18:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12483 (GLU 18G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2371 (LEU 19:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12488 (LEU 19G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2372 (GLN 20:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12493 (GLN 20G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2373 (LYS 21:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12498 (LYS 21G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2374 (THR 22:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12503 (THR 22G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2375 (SER 23:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12508 (SER 23G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2376 (LYS 24:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12513 (LYS 24G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2377 (LEU 25:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12518 (LEU 25G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2378 (THR 26:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12523 (THR 26G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2379 (PHE 27:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12528 (PHE 27G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2380 (GLU 28:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12533 (GLU 28G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2381 (ILE 29:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12538 (ILE 29G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2382 (ASN 30:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12543 (ASN 30G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2383 (LYS 31:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12548 (LYS 31G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2384 (SER 32:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12553 (SER 32G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2385 (LEU 33:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12558 (LEU 33G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2386 (LYS 34:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12563 (LYS 34G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2387 (LYS 35:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12568 (LYS 35G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2388 (ILE 36:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12573 (ILE 36G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2391 (THR 39:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12588 (THR 39G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2392 (SER 40:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12593 (SER 40G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2393 (ASN 41:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12598 (ASN 41G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2394 (GLN 42:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12603 (GLN 42G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2395 (SER 43:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12608 (SER 43G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2396 (SER 44:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12613 (SER 44G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2397 (GLN 45:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12618 (GLN 45G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2398 (LEU 46:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12623 (LEU 46G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2399 (PHE 47:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12628 (PHE 47G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2400 (THR 48:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12633 (THR 48G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2401 (PRO 49:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12638 (PRO 49G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2402 (ILE 50:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12643 (ILE 50G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2403 (LEU 51:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12648 (LEU 51G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2405 (ARG 53:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12658 (ARG 53G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2406 (ASN 54:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12663 (ASN 54G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2407 (ASN 55:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12668 (ASN 55G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2408 (VAL 56:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12673 (VAL 56G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2409 (LEU 57:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12678 (LEU 57G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2410 (THR 58:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12683 (THR 58G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2411 (THR 59:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12688 (THR 59G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2412 (LEU 60:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12693 (LEU 60G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2413 (GLN 61:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12698 (GLN 61G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2414 (ARG 62:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12703 (ARG 62G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2415 (ASN 63:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12708 (ASN 63G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2416 (ILE 64:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12713 (ILE 64G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2417 (GLU 65:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12718 (GLU 65G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2418 (SER 66:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12723 (SER 66G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2515 (PRO 219:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13509 (PRO 219G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2516 (PHE 220:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13514 (PHE 220G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2518 (LYS 222:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13524 (LYS 222G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2519 (MET 239:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13529 (MET 239G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2552 (ILE 280:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13783 (ILE 280G iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 2769 (ILE 198:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15542 (ILE 198H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2770 (THR 199:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15547 (THR 199H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2771 (ILE 200:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15552 (ILE 200H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2772 (ASP 201:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15557 (ASP 201H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2773 (LYS 202:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15562 (LYS 202H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2774 (PHE 203:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15567 (PHE 203H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2775 (THR 204:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15572 (THR 204H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2776 (SER 205:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15577 (SER 205H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2777 (ASN 206:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15582 (ASN 206H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2778 (LEU 207:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15587 (LEU 207H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2779 (THR 208:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15592 (THR 208H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2780 (ASP 209:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15597 (ASP 209H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2781 (LEU 210:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15602 (LEU 210H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2782 (SER 211:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15607 (SER 211H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2783 (ILE 212:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15612 (ILE 212H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2784 (GLN 213:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15617 (GLN 213H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2785 (VAL 214:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15622 (VAL 214H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2786 (GLN 215:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15627 (GLN 215H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2787 (GLU 216:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15632 (GLU 216H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2788 (GLU 217:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15637 (GLU 217H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2789 (VAL 218:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15642 (VAL 218H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2790 (LYS 219:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15647 (LYS 219H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2791 (LEU 220:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15652 (LEU 220H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2792 (ASN 221:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15657 (ASN 221H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2793 (ILE 222:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15662 (ILE 222H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2794 (ASN 223:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15667 (ASN 223H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2795 (LYS 224:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15672 (LYS 224H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2796 (SER 225:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15677 (SER 225H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2797 (TYR 226:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15682 (TYR 226H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2798 (ASN 227:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15687 (ASN 227H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2799 (GLU 228:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15692 (GLU 228H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2800 (ILE 229:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15697 (ILE 229H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2801 (MET 230:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15702 (MET 230H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2802 (THR 231:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15707 (THR 231H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2803 (VAL 232:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15712 (VAL 232H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2804 (ASN 233:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15717 (ASN 233H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2805 (ASN 234:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15722 (ASN 234H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2806 (ASP 235:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15727 (ASP 235H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2807 (LEU 236:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15732 (LEU 236H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2808 (ASN 237:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15737 (ASN 237H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2809 (VAL 238:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15742 (VAL 238H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2811 (MET 240:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15752 (MET 240H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2812 (LEU 241:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15757 (LEU 241H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2813 (GLU 242:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15762 (GLU 242H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2814 (LEU 243:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15767 (LEU 243H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2815 (LYS 244:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15772 (LYS 244H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2816 (ARG 245:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15777 (ARG 245H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2817 (VAL 246:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15782 (VAL 246H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2818 (ARG 247:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15787 (ARG 247H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2820 (ASN 249:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15797 (ASN 249H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2821 (ILE 250:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15802 (ILE 250H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2822 (ASN 251:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15807 (ASN 251H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2823 (ASP 252:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15812 (ASP 252H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2824 (LEU 253:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15817 (LEU 253H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2825 (ASN 254:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15822 (ASN 254H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2826 (GLU 255:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15827 (GLU 255H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2827 (VAL 256:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15832 (VAL 256H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2828 (THR 261:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15837 (THR 261H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2829 (LYS 262:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15842 (LYS 262H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2830 (ILE 263:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15847 (ILE 263H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2832 (GLU 265:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15857 (GLU 265H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2833 (LYS 266:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15862 (LYS 266H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2834 (ARG 267:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15867 (ARG 267H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2835 (LEU 268:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15872 (LEU 268H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2836 (GLN 269:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15877 (GLN 269H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2837 (LEU 270:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15882 (LEU 270H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2838 (GLN 271:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15887 (GLN 271H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2839 (PHE 329:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15892 (PHE 329H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2840 (LYS 330:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15897 (LYS 330H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2841 (ASN 331:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15902 (ASN 331H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2842 (VAL 332:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15907 (VAL 332H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2843 (GLU 333:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15912 (GLU 333H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2845 (ASP 431:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15921 (ASP 431H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2846 (GLU 432:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15926 (GLU 432H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2847 (CYS 433:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15931 (CYS 433H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2848 (SER 434:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15936 (SER 434H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2849 (ARG 435:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15941 (ARG 435H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2850 (LEU 436:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15946 (LEU 436H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2851 (LEU 437:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15951 (LEU 437H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2852 (ASP 438:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15956 (ASP 438H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2853 (VAL 439:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15961 (VAL 439H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2854 (LEU 447:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15966 (LEU 447H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2855 (CYS 448:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15971 (CYS 448H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2856 (ASP 449:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15976 (ASP 449H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2857 (ILE 450:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15981 (ILE 450H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2858 (GLU 456:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15986 (GLU 456H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2859 (ASN 457:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15991 (ASN 457H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2860 (SER 458:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15996 (SER 458H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2861 (LYS 459:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16001 (LYS 459H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2862 (ARG 460:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16006 (ARG 460H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2863 (ILE 461:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16011 (ILE 461H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2864 (ARG 462:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16016 (ARG 462H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2865 (GLU 463:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16021 (GLU 463H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2866 (SER 464:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16026 (SER 464H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2867 (PHE 465:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16031 (PHE 465H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
5 sidechains in contact with residue   71 (GLU   710:A, iCode=' ' helix   3)
residue 71 (GLU 710:A) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) LYS 157:B iCode=' '	1) LYS 160:B iCode=' '	2) ILE 161:B iCode=' '	3) ASN 163:B iCode=' '	4) LYS 164:B iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
LYS 157:B iCode=' '	LYS 160:B iCode=' '	ILE 161:B iCode=' '	LYS 164:B iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue   58 (MET   697:A, iCode=' ' helix   3)
residue 58 (MET 697:A) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) TYR 107:D iCode=' '	1) ALA 110:D iCode=' '	2) VAL 111:D iCode=' '	3) SER 113:D iCode=' '	4) ILE 114:D iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
TYR 107:D iCode=' '	ALA 110:D iCode=' '	VAL 111:D iCode=' '	ILE 114:D iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue   83 (ALA   770:A, iCode=' ' helix   5)
residue 83 (ALA 770:A) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) GLN 793:A iCode=' '	1) ARG 794:A iCode=' '	2) PHE 797:A iCode=' '	3) TYR 798:A iCode=' '	4) VAL 801:A iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
ARG 794:A iCode=' '	PHE 797:A iCode=' '	TYR 798:A iCode=' '	VAL 801:A iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue  229 (GLN  1190:A, iCode=' ' helix  22)
residue 229 (GLN 1190:A) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) LYS 1125:A iCode=' '	1) ILE 1128:A iCode=' '	2) ALA 1129:A iCode=' '	3) THR 1131:A iCode=' '	4) ARG 1132:A iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
LYS 1125:A iCode=' '	ILE 1128:A iCode=' '	ALA 1129:A iCode=' '	ARG 1132:A iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue  769 (ILE    72:C, iCode=' ' helix  60)
5 sidechains in contact with residue  773 (ASN    76:C, iCode=' ' helix  60)
residue 769 (ILE 72:C) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) LYS 109:D iCode=' '	1) ALA 110:D iCode=' '	2) SER 112:D iCode=' '	3) SER 113:D iCode=' '	4) GLN 116:D iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
LYS 109:D iCode=' '	SER 112:D iCode=' '	SER 113:D iCode=' '	GLN 116:D iCode=' '	

residue 773 (ASN 76:C) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) ALA 105:D iCode=' '	1) SER 106:D iCode=' '	2) LYS 109:D iCode=' '	3) ALA 110:D iCode=' '	4) SER 113:D iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
SER 106:D iCode=' '	LYS 109:D iCode=' '	ALA 110:D iCode=' '	SER 113:D iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue  860 (PHE   332:C, iCode=' ' helix  69)
residue 860 (PHE 332:C) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) TYR 356:C iCode=' '	1) GLN 359:C iCode=' '	2) TYR 360:C iCode=' '	3) LYS 362:C iCode=' '	4) GLU 363:C iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
TYR 356:C iCode=' '	GLN 359:C iCode=' '	TYR 360:C iCode=' '	GLU 363:C iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue 1678 (VAL   140:E, iCode=' ' helix 125)
residue 1678 (VAL 140:E) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) THR 111:F iCode=' '	1) SER 112:F iCode=' '	2) GLU 115:F iCode=' '	3) ILE 116:F iCode=' '	4) ILE 119:F iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
SER 112:F iCode=' '	GLU 115:F iCode=' '	ILE 116:F iCode=' '	ILE 119:F iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue 1704 (ASN   201:E, iCode=' ' helix 128)
residue 1704 (ASN 201:E) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) LYS 221:E iCode=' '	1) LEU 222:E iCode=' '	2) ILE 224:E iCode=' '	3) GLU 225:E iCode=' '	4) SER 228:E iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
LYS 221:E iCode=' '	ILE 224:E iCode=' '	GLU 225:E iCode=' '	SER 228:E iCode=' '	

!!!!odd-knob
!!!!odd-knob
5 sidechains in contact with residue 2395 (SER    43:G, iCode=' ' helix 186)
residue 2395 (SER 43:G) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) VAL 232:H iCode=' '	1) ASN 233:H iCode=' '	2) LEU 236:H iCode=' '	3) ASN 237:H iCode=' '	4) MET 240:H iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
ASN 233:H iCode=' '	LEU 236:H iCode=' '	ASN 237:H iCode=' '	MET 240:H iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue 2683 (ARG   503:G, iCode=' ' helix 203)
residue 2683 (ARG 503:G) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) SER 428:G iCode=' '	1) CYS 429:G iCode=' '	2) SER 432:G iCode=' '	3) ASP 433:G iCode=' '	4) ASP 436:G iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
CYS 429:G iCode=' '	SER 432:G iCode=' '	ASP 433:G iCode=' '	ASP 436:G iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue 3002 (HIS   701:H, iCode=' ' helix 221)
residue 3002 (HIS 701:H) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) LEU 657:H iCode=' '	1) LEU 660:H iCode=' '	2) ALA 661:H iCode=' '	3) ARG 664:H iCode=' '	4) PHE 665:H iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
LEU 657:H iCode=' '	LEU 660:H iCode=' '	ALA 661:H iCode=' '	ARG 664:H iCode=' '	


These are the knobs and holes:

knobs in helix 0:
knobs in helix 1:
knobs in helix 2:
knobs in helix 3:
6) 54 (SER 693:A, iCode=' ', helix 3) type 4	(hole:  ALA 110:D iCode=' ', SER 113:D iCode=' ', ILE 114:D iCode=' ', ALA 117:D iCode=' ' helix 93) packing angle   87.687
7) 58 (MET 697:A, iCode=' ', helix 3) type 4	(hole:  TYR 107:D iCode=' ', ALA 110:D iCode=' ', VAL 111:D iCode=' ', ILE 114:D iCode=' ' helix 93) packing angle  126.990
knobs in helix 4:
knobs in helix 5:
knobs in helix 6:
knobs in helix 7:
knobs in helix 8:
knobs in helix 9:
knobs in helix 10:
knobs in helix 11:
knobs in helix 12:
knobs in helix 13:
knobs in helix 14:
knobs in helix 15:
knobs in helix 16:
knobs in helix 17:
knobs in helix 18:
knobs in helix 19:
knobs in helix 20:
knobs in helix 21:
knobs in helix 22:
knobs in helix 23:
knobs in helix 24:
knobs in helix 25:
knobs in helix 26:
knobs in helix 27:
knobs in helix 28:
knobs in helix 29:
knobs in helix 30:
knobs in helix 31:
knobs in helix 32:
knobs in helix 33:
knobs in helix 34:
knobs in helix 35:
knobs in helix 36:
knobs in helix 37:
knobs in helix 38:
knobs in helix 39:
knobs in helix 40:
knobs in helix 41:
knobs in helix 42:
knobs in helix 43:
knobs in helix 44:
knobs in helix 45:
knobs in helix 46:
knobs in helix 47:
knobs in helix 48:
knobs in helix 49:
knobs in helix 50:
knobs in helix 51:
knobs in helix 52:
knobs in helix 53:
knobs in helix 54:
knobs in helix 55:
knobs in helix 56:
knobs in helix 57:
knobs in helix 58:
knobs in helix 59:
21) 727 (LYS 26:C, iCode=' ', helix 59) type 4	(hole:  MET 155:D iCode=' ', VAL 158:D iCode=' ', LEU 159:D iCode=' ', ILE 162:D iCode=' ' helix 95) packing angle  152.309
22) 730 (LEU 29:C, iCode=' ', helix 59) type 4	(hole:  LYS 151:D iCode=' ', LYS 154:D iCode=' ', MET 155:D iCode=' ', VAL 158:D iCode=' ' helix 95) packing angle   74.451
23) 734 (LYS 33:C, iCode=' ', helix 59) type 4	(hole:  ASN 148:D iCode=' ', LYS 151:D iCode=' ', TYR 152:D iCode=' ', MET 155:D iCode=' ' helix 95) packing angle  144.477
24) 737 (VAL 36:C, iCode=' ', helix 59) type 4	(hole:  GLU 144:D iCode=' ', ASP 147:D iCode=' ', ASN 148:D iCode=' ', LYS 151:D iCode=' ' helix 95) packing angle   70.699
knobs in helix 60:
knobs in helix 61:
knobs in helix 62:
knobs in helix 63:
knobs in helix 64:
knobs in helix 65:
knobs in helix 66:
knobs in helix 67:
knobs in helix 68:
knobs in helix 69:
knobs in helix 70:
knobs in helix 71:
knobs in helix 72:
knobs in helix 73:
knobs in helix 74:
knobs in helix 75:
knobs in helix 76:
knobs in helix 77:
knobs in helix 78:
knobs in helix 79:
knobs in helix 80:
knobs in helix 81:
knobs in helix 82:
knobs in helix 83:
knobs in helix 84:
knobs in helix 85:
knobs in helix 86:
knobs in helix 87:
knobs in helix 88:
knobs in helix 89:
knobs in helix 90:
knobs in helix 91:
knobs in helix 92:
knobs in helix 93:
9) 1163 (ALA 110:D, iCode=' ', helix 93) type 4	(hole:  SER 693:A iCode=' ', LEU 696:A iCode=' ', MET 697:A iCode=' ', SER 700:A iCode=' ' helix 3) packing angle   57.793
10) 1167 (ILE 114:D, iCode=' ', helix 93) type 4	(hole:  PRO 690:A iCode=' ', SER 693:A iCode=' ', LEU 694:A iCode=' ', MET 697:A iCode=' ' helix 3) packing angle  154.358
knobs in helix 94:
knobs in helix 95:
26) 1190 (ASN 148:D, iCode=' ', helix 95) type 4	(hole:  LYS 33:C iCode=' ', VAL 36:C iCode=' ', GLU 37:C iCode=' ', LEU 40:C iCode=' ' helix 59) packing angle  146.604
27) 1193 (LYS 151:D, iCode=' ', helix 95) type 4	(hole:  LEU 29:C iCode=' ', GLU 32:C iCode=' ', LYS 33:C iCode=' ', VAL 36:C iCode=' ' helix 59) packing angle   87.027
28) 1197 (MET 155:D, iCode=' ', helix 95) type 4	(hole:  LYS 26:C iCode=' ', LEU 29:C iCode=' ', LEU 30:C iCode=' ', LYS 33:C iCode=' ' helix 59) packing angle  147.681
29) 1200 (VAL 158:D, iCode=' ', helix 95) type 4	(hole:  VAL 22:C iCode=' ', ILE 25:C iCode=' ', LYS 26:C iCode=' ', LEU 29:C iCode=' ' helix 59) packing angle   85.767
knobs in helix 96:
knobs in helix 97:
knobs in helix 98:
knobs in helix 99:
knobs in helix 100:
knobs in helix 101:
knobs in helix 102:
knobs in helix 103:
knobs in helix 104:
knobs in helix 105:
knobs in helix 106:
knobs in helix 107:
knobs in helix 108:
knobs in helix 109:
knobs in helix 110:
knobs in helix 111:
knobs in helix 112:
knobs in helix 113:
knobs in helix 114:
knobs in helix 115:
knobs in helix 116:
knobs in helix 117:
knobs in helix 118:
knobs in helix 119:
knobs in helix 120:
knobs in helix 121:
knobs in helix 122:
knobs in helix 123:
knobs in helix 124:
56) 1619 (THR 76:E, iCode=' ', helix 124) type 4	(hole:  LYS 171:F iCode=' ', ARG 174:F iCode=' ', ILE 175:F iCode=' ', LEU 178:F iCode=' ' helix 155) packing angle   47.385
knobs in helix 125:
knobs in helix 126:
knobs in helix 127:
knobs in helix 128:
knobs in helix 129:
knobs in helix 130:
knobs in helix 131:
knobs in helix 132:
knobs in helix 133:
knobs in helix 134:
knobs in helix 135:
knobs in helix 136:
knobs in helix 137:
knobs in helix 138:
knobs in helix 139:
knobs in helix 140:
knobs in helix 141:
knobs in helix 142:
knobs in helix 143:
knobs in helix 144:
knobs in helix 145:
knobs in helix 146:
knobs in helix 147:
knobs in helix 148:
knobs in helix 149:
knobs in helix 150:
knobs in helix 151:
knobs in helix 152:
knobs in helix 153:
knobs in helix 154:
knobs in helix 155:
60) 2067 (ILE 175:F, iCode=' ', helix 155) type 4	(hole:  TYR 73:E iCode=' ', THR 76:E iCode=' ', PHE 77:E iCode=' ', THR 80:E iCode=' ' helix 124) packing angle  124.485
knobs in helix 156:
knobs in helix 157:
knobs in helix 158:
knobs in helix 159:
knobs in helix 160:
knobs in helix 161:
knobs in helix 162:
knobs in helix 163:
knobs in helix 164:
knobs in helix 165:
knobs in helix 166:
knobs in helix 167:
knobs in helix 168:
knobs in helix 169:
knobs in helix 170:
knobs in helix 171:
knobs in helix 172:
knobs in helix 173:
knobs in helix 174:
knobs in helix 175:
knobs in helix 176:
knobs in helix 177:
knobs in helix 178:
knobs in helix 179:
knobs in helix 180:
knobs in helix 181:
knobs in helix 182:
knobs in helix 183:
knobs in helix 184:
knobs in helix 185:
knobs in helix 186:
76) 2391 (THR 39:G, iCode=' ', helix 186) type 4	(hole:  LEU 236:H iCode=' ', ALA 239:H iCode=' ', MET 240:H iCode=' ', LEU 243:H iCode=' ' helix 208) packing angle   88.088
77) 2395 (SER 43:G, iCode=' ', helix 186) type 4	(hole:  ASN 233:H iCode=' ', LEU 236:H iCode=' ', ASN 237:H iCode=' ', MET 240:H iCode=' ' helix 208) packing angle  145.445
knobs in helix 187:
knobs in helix 188:
knobs in helix 189:
knobs in helix 190:
knobs in helix 191:
knobs in helix 192:
knobs in helix 193:
knobs in helix 194:
knobs in helix 195:
knobs in helix 196:
knobs in helix 197:
knobs in helix 198:
knobs in helix 199:
knobs in helix 200:
knobs in helix 201:
knobs in helix 202:
knobs in helix 203:
knobs in helix 204:
knobs in helix 205:
knobs in helix 206:
knobs in helix 207:
knobs in helix 208:
79) 2807 (LEU 236:H, iCode=' ', helix 208) type 4	(hole:  THR 39:G iCode=' ', GLN 42:G iCode=' ', SER 43:G iCode=' ', LEU 46:G iCode=' ' helix 186) packing angle   69.786
80) 2811 (MET 240:H, iCode=' ', helix 208) type 4	(hole:  ILE 36:G iCode=' ', THR 39:G iCode=' ', SER 40:G iCode=' ', SER 43:G iCode=' ' helix 186) packing angle  152.566
knobs in helix 209:
knobs in helix 210:
knobs in helix 211:
knobs in helix 212:
knobs in helix 213:
knobs in helix 214:
knobs in helix 215:
knobs in helix 216:
knobs in helix 217:
knobs in helix 218:
knobs in helix 219:
knobs in helix 220:
knobs in helix 221:
knobs in helix 222:
knobs in helix 223:
holes in helix 0:
holes in helix 1:
holes in helix 2:
holes in helix 3:
 SER 693:A iCode=' ', LEU 696:A iCode=' ', MET 697:A iCode=' ', SER 700:A iCode=' ' (knob: 1163 (ALA 110:D, helix 93))
 PRO 690:A iCode=' ', SER 693:A iCode=' ', LEU 694:A iCode=' ', MET 697:A iCode=' ' (knob: 1167 (ILE 114:D, helix 93))
holes in helix 4:
holes in helix 5:
holes in helix 6:
holes in helix 7:
holes in helix 8:
holes in helix 9:
holes in helix 10:
holes in helix 11:
holes in helix 12:
holes in helix 13:
holes in helix 14:
holes in helix 15:
holes in helix 16:
holes in helix 17:
holes in helix 18:
holes in helix 19:
holes in helix 20:
holes in helix 21:
holes in helix 22:
holes in helix 23:
holes in helix 24:
holes in helix 25:
holes in helix 26:
holes in helix 27:
holes in helix 28:
holes in helix 29:
holes in helix 30:
holes in helix 31:
holes in helix 32:
holes in helix 33:
holes in helix 34:
holes in helix 35:
holes in helix 36:
holes in helix 37:
holes in helix 38:
holes in helix 39:
holes in helix 40:
holes in helix 41:
holes in helix 42:
holes in helix 43:
holes in helix 44:
holes in helix 45:
holes in helix 46:
holes in helix 47:
holes in helix 48:
holes in helix 49:
holes in helix 50:
holes in helix 51:
holes in helix 52:
holes in helix 53:
holes in helix 54:
holes in helix 55:
holes in helix 56:
holes in helix 57:
holes in helix 58:
holes in helix 59:
 LYS 33:C iCode=' ', VAL 36:C iCode=' ', GLU 37:C iCode=' ', LEU 40:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1190 (ASN 148:D, helix 95))
 LEU 29:C iCode=' ', GLU 32:C iCode=' ', LYS 33:C iCode=' ', VAL 36:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1193 (LYS 151:D, helix 95))
 LYS 26:C iCode=' ', LEU 29:C iCode=' ', LEU 30:C iCode=' ', LYS 33:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1197 (MET 155:D, helix 95))
 VAL 22:C iCode=' ', ILE 25:C iCode=' ', LYS 26:C iCode=' ', LEU 29:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1200 (VAL 158:D, helix 95))
holes in helix 60:
holes in helix 61:
holes in helix 62:
holes in helix 63:
holes in helix 64:
holes in helix 65:
holes in helix 66:
holes in helix 67:
holes in helix 68:
holes in helix 69:
holes in helix 70:
holes in helix 71:
holes in helix 72:
holes in helix 73:
holes in helix 74:
holes in helix 75:
holes in helix 76:
holes in helix 77:
holes in helix 78:
holes in helix 79:
holes in helix 80:
holes in helix 81:
holes in helix 82:
holes in helix 83:
holes in helix 84:
holes in helix 85:
holes in helix 86:
holes in helix 87:
holes in helix 88:
holes in helix 89:
holes in helix 90:
holes in helix 91:
holes in helix 92:
holes in helix 93:
 ALA 110:D iCode=' ', SER 113:D iCode=' ', ILE 114:D iCode=' ', ALA 117:D iCode=' ' (knob: 54 (SER 693:A, helix 3))
 TYR 107:D iCode=' ', ALA 110:D iCode=' ', VAL 111:D iCode=' ', ILE 114:D iCode=' ' (knob: 58 (MET 697:A, helix 3))
holes in helix 94:
holes in helix 95:
 MET 155:D iCode=' ', VAL 158:D iCode=' ', LEU 159:D iCode=' ', ILE 162:D iCode=' ' (knob: 727 (LYS 26:C, helix 59))
 LYS 151:D iCode=' ', LYS 154:D iCode=' ', MET 155:D iCode=' ', VAL 158:D iCode=' ' (knob: 730 (LEU 29:C, helix 59))
 ASN 148:D iCode=' ', LYS 151:D iCode=' ', TYR 152:D iCode=' ', MET 155:D iCode=' ' (knob: 734 (LYS 33:C, helix 59))
 GLU 144:D iCode=' ', ASP 147:D iCode=' ', ASN 148:D iCode=' ', LYS 151:D iCode=' ' (knob: 737 (VAL 36:C, helix 59))
holes in helix 96:
holes in helix 97:
holes in helix 98:
holes in helix 99:
holes in helix 100:
holes in helix 101:
holes in helix 102:
holes in helix 103:
holes in helix 104:
holes in helix 105:
holes in helix 106:
holes in helix 107:
holes in helix 108:
holes in helix 109:
holes in helix 110:
holes in helix 111:
holes in helix 112:
holes in helix 113:
holes in helix 114:
holes in helix 115:
holes in helix 116:
holes in helix 117:
holes in helix 118:
holes in helix 119:
holes in helix 120:
holes in helix 121:
holes in helix 122:
holes in helix 123:
holes in helix 124:
 TYR 73:E iCode=' ', THR 76:E iCode=' ', PHE 77:E iCode=' ', THR 80:E iCode=' ' (knob: 2067 (ILE 175:F, helix 155))
holes in helix 125:
holes in helix 126:
holes in helix 127:
holes in helix 128:
holes in helix 129:
holes in helix 130:
holes in helix 131:
holes in helix 132:
holes in helix 133:
holes in helix 134:
holes in helix 135:
holes in helix 136:
holes in helix 137:
holes in helix 138:
holes in helix 139:
holes in helix 140:
holes in helix 141:
holes in helix 142:
holes in helix 143:
holes in helix 144:
holes in helix 145:
holes in helix 146:
holes in helix 147:
holes in helix 148:
holes in helix 149:
holes in helix 150:
holes in helix 151:
holes in helix 152:
holes in helix 153:
holes in helix 154:
holes in helix 155:
 LYS 171:F iCode=' ', ARG 174:F iCode=' ', ILE 175:F iCode=' ', LEU 178:F iCode=' ' (knob: 1619 (THR 76:E, helix 124))
holes in helix 156:
holes in helix 157:
holes in helix 158:
holes in helix 159:
holes in helix 160:
holes in helix 161:
holes in helix 162:
holes in helix 163:
holes in helix 164:
holes in helix 165:
holes in helix 166:
holes in helix 167:
holes in helix 168:
holes in helix 169:
holes in helix 170:
holes in helix 171:
holes in helix 172:
holes in helix 173:
holes in helix 174:
holes in helix 175:
holes in helix 176:
holes in helix 177:
holes in helix 178:
holes in helix 179:
holes in helix 180:
holes in helix 181:
holes in helix 182:
holes in helix 183:
holes in helix 184:
holes in helix 185:
holes in helix 186:
 THR 39:G iCode=' ', GLN 42:G iCode=' ', SER 43:G iCode=' ', LEU 46:G iCode=' ' (knob: 2807 (LEU 236:H, helix 208))
 ILE 36:G iCode=' ', THR 39:G iCode=' ', SER 40:G iCode=' ', SER 43:G iCode=' ' (knob: 2811 (MET 240:H, helix 208))
holes in helix 187:
holes in helix 188:
holes in helix 189:
holes in helix 190:
holes in helix 191:
holes in helix 192:
holes in helix 193:
holes in helix 194:
holes in helix 195:
holes in helix 196:
holes in helix 197:
holes in helix 198:
holes in helix 199:
holes in helix 200:
holes in helix 201:
holes in helix 202:
holes in helix 203:
holes in helix 204:
holes in helix 205:
holes in helix 206:
holes in helix 207:
holes in helix 208:
 LEU 236:H iCode=' ', ALA 239:H iCode=' ', MET 240:H iCode=' ', LEU 243:H iCode=' ' (knob: 2391 (THR 39:G, helix 186))
 ASN 233:H iCode=' ', LEU 236:H iCode=' ', ASN 237:H iCode=' ', MET 240:H iCode=' ' (knob: 2395 (SER 43:G, helix 186))
holes in helix 209:
holes in helix 210:
holes in helix 211:
holes in helix 212:
holes in helix 213:
holes in helix 214:
holes in helix 215:
holes in helix 216:
holes in helix 217:
holes in helix 218:
holes in helix 219:
holes in helix 220:
holes in helix 221:
holes in helix 222:
holes in helix 223:

knob   0 (residue 18 = LEU 653:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   1 (residue 325 = ASP 215:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   2 (residue 332 = ASN 222:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   3 (residue 265 = TYR 78:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   4 (residue 71 = GLU 710:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   5 (residue 301 = LYS 164:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   6 (residue 54 = SER 693:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob   7 (residue 58 = MET 697:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob   8 (residue 1160 = TYR 107:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   9 (residue 1163 = ALA 110:D iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  10 (residue 1167 = ILE 114:D iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  11 (residue 1170 = ALA 117:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  12 (residue 1175 = LYS 125:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  13 (residue 83 = ALA 770:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  14 (residue 213 = ALA 1130:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  15 (residue 229 = GLN 1190:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  16 (residue 381 = LEU 298:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  17 (residue 478 = SER 500:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  18 (residue 588 = VAL 744:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  19 (residue 604 = LEU 771:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  20 (residue 3023 = TYR 739:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  21 (residue 727 = LYS 26:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  22 (residue 730 = LEU 29:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  23 (residue 734 = LYS 33:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  24 (residue 737 = VAL 36:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  25 (residue 741 = LEU 40:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  26 (residue 1190 = ASN 148:D iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  27 (residue 1193 = LYS 151:D iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  28 (residue 1197 = MET 155:D iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  29 (residue 1200 = VAL 158:D iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  30 (residue 1204 = ILE 162:D iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  31 (residue 769 = ILE 72:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  32 (residue 773 = ASN 76:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  33 (residue 811 = LEU 191:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  34 (residue 860 = PHE 332:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  35 (residue 876 = TYR 356:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  36 (residue 883 = GLU 363:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  37 (residue 889 = LEU 382:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  38 (residue 902 = LYS 415:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  39 (residue 944 = GLN 475:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  40 (residue 957 = LEU 498:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  41 (residue 938 = PHE 469:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  42 (residue 998 = TYR 558:C iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  43 (residue 1020 = VAL 592:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  44 (residue 1031 = LEU 603:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  45 (residue 1029 = ILE 601:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  46 (residue 1061 = PHE 652:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  47 (residue 1081 = PHE 689:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  48 (residue 1209 = GLN 167:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  49 (residue 1227 = PHE 192:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  50 (residue 1338 = ALA 434:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  51 (residue 1367 = LEU 514:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  52 (residue 1422 = ILE 689:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  53 (residue 1480 = LYS 838:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  54 (residue 1522 = ILE 904:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  55 (residue 1616 = TYR 73:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  56 (residue 1619 = THR 76:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  57 (residue 1636 = ASN 93:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  58 (residue 2056 = GLU 164:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  59 (residue 2063 = LYS 171:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  60 (residue 2067 = ILE 175:F iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  61 (residue 1671 = ARG 133:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  62 (residue 1678 = VAL 140:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  63 (residue 2020 = ILE 119:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  64 (residue 2822 = ASN 251:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  65 (residue 1704 = ASN 201:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  66 (residue 1840 = THR 451:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  67 (residue 1829 = LYS 440:E iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  68 (residue 1920 = ILE 693:E iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  69 (residue 1932 = LEU 712:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  70 (residue 1956 = LEU 772:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  71 (residue 2014 = ILE 113:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  72 (residue 2021 = GLN 120:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  73 (residue 2396 = SER 44:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  74 (residue 2266 = ILE 606:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  75 (residue 2388 = ILE 36:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  76 (residue 2391 = THR 39:G iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  77 (residue 2395 = SER 43:G iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  78 (residue 2398 = LEU 46:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  79 (residue 2807 = LEU 236:H iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  80 (residue 2811 = MET 240:H iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  81 (residue 2821 = ILE 250:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  82 (residue 2828 = THR 261:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  83 (residue 2468 = PHE 149:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  84 (residue 2512 = MET 214:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  85 (residue 2551 = LEU 279:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  86 (residue 2577 = LYS 316:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  87 (residue 2603 = ILE 352:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  88 (residue 2607 = ALA 356:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  89 (residue 2663 = ILE 476:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  90 (residue 2683 = ARG 503:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  91 (residue 2667 = LEU 480:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  92 (residue 2692 = ILE 512:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  93 (residue 2748 = MET 586:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  94 (residue 2759 = PRO 611:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  95 (residue 2882 = ILE 543:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  96 (residue 2901 = LEU 566:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  97 (residue 2912 = ILE 588:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  98 (residue 2938 = LYS 621:H iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  99 (residue 2939 = LEU 622:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 100 (residue 2985 = ILE 678:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 101 (residue 2971 = ARG 664:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 102 (residue 3002 = HIS 701:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 103 (residue 3024 = LYS 740:H iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 104 (residue 3025 = LEU 741:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1

coiled coil  0:  2 helices   3 93	frequency 2
coiled coil  1:  2 helices  59 95	frequency 4
coiled coil  2:  2 helices 124155	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  3:  2 helices 186208	frequency 2

helix 3 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 59 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 93 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 95 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 124 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 155 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 186 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 208 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil



coiled coil  0:
	angle between helices  3 and 93 is  153.552	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


5yfp  7.0 0 coiled coil (i) 0 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 11 mean 11.00):


assigning heptad to helix 3 (X) 676-710:A
extent of coiled coil packing: 690-700:A
sequence PYEDKVNDECHRIIPTLSLFLMEMSNFSNDIENVE
register               abcdefgabcd          
partner  -----------------Y---Y------------!
knobtype -----------------4---4------------2
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


assigning heptad to helix 93 (Y) 105-119:D
extent of coiled coil packing: 107-117:D
sequence ASYGKAVSSIMQAQE
register   abcdefgabcd  
partner  --X--X---X--X--
knobtype --2--4---4--2--
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


coiled coil  1:
	angle between helices 59 and 95 is  145.553	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


5yfp  7.0 0 coiled coil (ii) 1 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 19 mean 19.00):


assigning heptad to helix 59 (X) 19-66:C
extent of coiled coil packing:  22- 40:C
sequence LERVRDIKEQLLKEKSVVEYQLNKESDKYYGEVEESLKLLNLSKNSVT
register    defgabcdefgabcdefga                          
partner  -------Y--Y---Y--Y---Y--------------------------
knobtype -------4--4---4--4---2--------------------------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  19 residues: 4,7,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 95 (Y) 141-174:D
extent of coiled coil packing: 144-162:D
sequence SLQELNDNNLKYTKMIDVLVNIEELLQIPEKIEE
register    defgabcdefgabcdefga            
partner  -------X--X---X--X---X----!-------
knobtype -------4--4---4--4---1----2-------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  19 residues: 4,7,7,1


coiled coil  3:
	angle between helices 186 and 208 is  171.316	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


5yfp  7.0 0 coiled coil (iii) 3 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 11 mean 11.00):


assigning heptad to helix 186 (X) 7-66:G
extent of coiled coil packing:  36- 46:G
sequence IDEADVLVLSQELQKTSKLTFEINKSLKKIAATSNQSSQLFTPILARNNVLTTLQRNIES
register                              abcdefgabcd                    
partner  -----------------------------Y--Y---Y!-Y--------------------
knobtype -----------------------------2--4---42-2--------------------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4


assigning heptad to helix 208 (Y) 197-256:H
extent of coiled coil packing: 233-243:H
sequence AITIDKFTSNLTDLSIQVQEEVKLNINKSYNEIMTVNNDLNVAMLELKRVRANINDLNEV
register                                     abcdefgabcd             
partner  ---------------------------------------X---X---------X!-----
knobtype ---------------------------------------4---4---------22-----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  11 residues: 7,4
5yfp c  7.00 e 0 result 3 COILED COILS PRESENT (+ 1 helix groups are either pairs with too few complementary knob in hole interactions or are subsets of larger coiled coils)
Finished
