SOCKET v3.02 02-11-01 John Walshaw, University of Sussex
using cutoff of  7.0 Angstroms for centre of mass distances

attempting to open "/fs/ccplus/data/b3/6b3r/structures/6b3r.pdb"
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/b3/6b3r/structures/6b3r.pdb" (input)
file name implies standard PDB entry, code 6b3r
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/b3/6b3r/dssp/6b3r.pdb.dssp" (input)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/b3/6b3r/rasmol/6b3r.pdb.70.spt" (output)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/b3/6b3r/socket/6b3r.pdb.70.long.socket" (output)
Found beginning of residue data






































There are 2469 alpha-helical residues in this structure

chain A starts at residue  577, iCode=' '
chain B starts at residue    1, iCode=' '
chain C starts at residue  577, iCode=' '
chain E starts at residue  577, iCode=' '
chain D starts at residue   17, iCode=' '
chain F starts at residue   33, iCode=' '
residue 0 (TYR 588:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4 (TYR 588A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1 (VAL 589:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9 (VAL 589A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2 (CYS 590:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14 (CYS 590A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 5 (MET 593:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 28 (MET 593A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 6 (PHE 594:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 33 (PHE 594A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 7 (ILE 595:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 38 (ILE 595A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 8 (VAL 596:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 43 (VAL 596A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 9 (VAL 597:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 48 (VAL 597A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 10 (SER 598:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 53 (SER 598A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 11 (TYR 610:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 58 (TYR 610A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 12 (MET 611:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 63 (MET 611A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 13 (PHE 612:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 68 (PHE 612A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 14 (LEU 613:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 73 (LEU 613A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 15 (PHE 614:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 78 (PHE 614A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 16 (LEU 615:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 83 (LEU 615A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 17 (LEU 616:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 88 (LEU 616A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 18 (CYS 617:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 93 (CYS 617A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 19 (LEU 618:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 98 (LEU 618A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 20 (THR 619:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 103 (THR 619A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 21 (LEU 620:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 108 (LEU 620A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 22 (PHE 621:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 113 (PHE 621A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 23 (GLN 622:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 118 (GLN 622A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 24 (VAL 623:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 123 (VAL 623A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 25 (TYR 624:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 128 (TYR 624A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 26 (LEU 631:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 133 (LEU 631A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 27 (LEU 632:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 138 (LEU 632A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 28 (ARG 633:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 143 (ARG 633A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 29 (VAL 634:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 148 (VAL 634A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 30 (PHE 635:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 153 (PHE 635A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 31 (TRP 636:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 158 (TRP 636A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 32 (TRP 637:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 163 (TRP 637A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 33 (LEU 638:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 168 (LEU 638A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 34 (VAL 639:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 173 (VAL 639A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 35 (VAL 640:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 178 (VAL 640A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 37 (TYR 642:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 188 (TYR 642A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 38 (THR 643:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 193 (THR 643A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 39 (MET 644:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 198 (MET 644A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 40 (LEU 645:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 203 (LEU 645A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 41 (VAL 646:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 208 (VAL 646A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 42 (LEU 647:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 213 (LEU 647A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 43 (ILE 648:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 218 (ILE 648A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 45 (VAL 650:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 228 (VAL 650A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 46 (TYR 651:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 233 (TYR 651A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 47 (ASP 657:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 238 (ASP 657A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 48 (PHE 658:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 243 (PHE 658A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 49 (PRO 659:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 248 (PRO 659A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 50 (THR 660:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 253 (THR 660A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 51 (TYR 661:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 258 (TYR 661A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 52 (TRP 662:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 263 (TRP 662A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 53 (ARG 663:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 268 (ARG 663A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 54 (GLU 685:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 273 (GLU 685A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 55 (LEU 686:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 278 (LEU 686A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 56 (PHE 687:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 283 (PHE 687A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 57 (SER 688:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 288 (SER 688A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 58 (SER 689:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 293 (SER 689A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 59 (ILE 690:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 298 (ILE 690A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 60 (LEU 691:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 303 (LEU 691A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 61 (ILE 692:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 308 (ILE 692A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 62 (PRO 693:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 313 (PRO 693A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 64 (PHE 695:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 322 (PHE 695A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 65 (PHE 696:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 327 (PHE 696A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 66 (LEU 697:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 332 (LEU 697A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 67 (LEU 698:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 337 (LEU 698A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 69 (CYS 700:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 347 (CYS 700A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 70 (ILE 701:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 352 (ILE 701A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 71 (LEU 702:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 357 (LEU 702A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 72 (GLN 703:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 362 (GLN 703A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 73 (LEU 704:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 367 (LEU 704A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 74 (HIS 705:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 372 (HIS 705A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 75 (PRO 710:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 377 (PRO 710A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 76 (PHE 711:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 382 (PHE 711A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 77 (MET 712:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 387 (MET 712A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 78 (GLN 713:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 392 (GLN 713A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 452 (VAL 1555:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3483 (VAL 1555A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 453 (LEU 1556:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3488 (LEU 1556A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 454 (ASP 1557:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3493 (ASP 1557A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 455 (GLN 1558:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3498 (GLN 1558A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 456 (LEU 1559:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3503 (LEU 1559A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 457 (TYR 1560:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3508 (TYR 1560A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 458 (VAL 1561:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3513 (VAL 1561A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 461 (THR 1567:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3527 (THR 1567A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 462 (LEU 1568:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3532 (LEU 1568A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 463 (SER 1569:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3537 (SER 1569A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 823 (TYR 588:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6538 (TYR 588C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 824 (VAL 589:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6543 (VAL 589C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 825 (CYS 590:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6548 (CYS 590C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 828 (MET 593:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6562 (MET 593C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 829 (PHE 594:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6567 (PHE 594C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 830 (ILE 595:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6572 (ILE 595C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 831 (VAL 596:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6577 (VAL 596C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 832 (VAL 597:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6582 (VAL 597C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 833 (SER 598:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6587 (SER 598C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 834 (TYR 610:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6592 (TYR 610C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 835 (MET 611:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6597 (MET 611C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 836 (PHE 612:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6602 (PHE 612C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 837 (LEU 613:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6607 (LEU 613C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 838 (PHE 614:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6612 (PHE 614C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 839 (LEU 615:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6617 (LEU 615C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 840 (LEU 616:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6622 (LEU 616C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 841 (CYS 617:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6627 (CYS 617C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 842 (LEU 618:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6632 (LEU 618C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 843 (THR 619:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6637 (THR 619C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 844 (LEU 620:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6642 (LEU 620C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 845 (PHE 621:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6647 (PHE 621C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 846 (GLN 622:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6652 (GLN 622C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 847 (VAL 623:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6657 (VAL 623C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 848 (TYR 624:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6662 (TYR 624C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 849 (LEU 631:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6667 (LEU 631C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 850 (LEU 632:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6672 (LEU 632C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 851 (ARG 633:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6677 (ARG 633C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 852 (VAL 634:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6682 (VAL 634C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 853 (PHE 635:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6687 (PHE 635C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 854 (TRP 636:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6692 (TRP 636C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 855 (TRP 637:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6697 (TRP 637C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 856 (LEU 638:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6702 (LEU 638C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 857 (VAL 639:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6707 (VAL 639C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 858 (VAL 640:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6712 (VAL 640C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 860 (TYR 642:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6722 (TYR 642C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 861 (THR 643:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6727 (THR 643C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 862 (MET 644:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6732 (MET 644C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 863 (LEU 645:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6737 (LEU 645C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 864 (VAL 646:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6742 (VAL 646C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 865 (LEU 647:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6747 (LEU 647C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 866 (ILE 648:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6752 (ILE 648C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 868 (VAL 650:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6762 (VAL 650C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 869 (TYR 651:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6767 (TYR 651C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 870 (ASP 657:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6772 (ASP 657C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 871 (PHE 658:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6777 (PHE 658C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 872 (PRO 659:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6782 (PRO 659C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 873 (THR 660:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6787 (THR 660C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 874 (TYR 661:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6792 (TYR 661C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 875 (TRP 662:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6797 (TRP 662C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 876 (ARG 663:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6802 (ARG 663C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 877 (GLU 685:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6807 (GLU 685C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 878 (LEU 686:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6812 (LEU 686C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 879 (PHE 687:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6817 (PHE 687C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 880 (SER 688:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6822 (SER 688C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 881 (SER 689:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6827 (SER 689C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 882 (ILE 690:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6832 (ILE 690C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 883 (LEU 691:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6837 (LEU 691C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 884 (ILE 692:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6842 (ILE 692C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 885 (PRO 693:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6847 (PRO 693C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 887 (PHE 695:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6856 (PHE 695C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 888 (PHE 696:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6861 (PHE 696C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 889 (LEU 697:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6866 (LEU 697C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 890 (LEU 698:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6871 (LEU 698C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 892 (CYS 700:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6881 (CYS 700C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 893 (ILE 701:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6886 (ILE 701C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 894 (LEU 702:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6891 (LEU 702C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 895 (GLN 703:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6896 (GLN 703C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 896 (LEU 704:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6901 (LEU 704C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 897 (HIS 705:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6906 (HIS 705C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 898 (PRO 710:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6911 (PRO 710C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 899 (PHE 711:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6916 (PHE 711C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 900 (MET 712:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6921 (MET 712C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 901 (GLN 713:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6926 (GLN 713C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1275 (VAL 1555:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10017 (VAL 1555C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1276 (LEU 1556:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10022 (LEU 1556C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1277 (ASP 1557:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10027 (ASP 1557C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1278 (GLN 1558:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10032 (GLN 1558C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1279 (LEU 1559:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10037 (LEU 1559C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1280 (TYR 1560:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10042 (TYR 1560C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1281 (VAL 1561:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10047 (VAL 1561C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1284 (THR 1567:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10061 (THR 1567C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1285 (LEU 1568:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10066 (LEU 1568C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1286 (SER 1569:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10071 (SER 1569C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1646 (TYR 588:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13072 (TYR 588E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1647 (VAL 589:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13077 (VAL 589E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1648 (CYS 590:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13082 (CYS 590E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1651 (MET 593:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13096 (MET 593E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1652 (PHE 594:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13101 (PHE 594E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1653 (ILE 595:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13106 (ILE 595E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1654 (VAL 596:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13111 (VAL 596E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1655 (VAL 597:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13116 (VAL 597E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1656 (SER 598:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13121 (SER 598E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1657 (TYR 610:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13126 (TYR 610E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1658 (MET 611:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13131 (MET 611E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1659 (PHE 612:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13136 (PHE 612E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1660 (LEU 613:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13141 (LEU 613E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1661 (PHE 614:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13146 (PHE 614E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1662 (LEU 615:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13151 (LEU 615E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1663 (LEU 616:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13156 (LEU 616E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1664 (CYS 617:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13161 (CYS 617E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1665 (LEU 618:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13166 (LEU 618E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1666 (THR 619:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13171 (THR 619E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1667 (LEU 620:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13176 (LEU 620E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1668 (PHE 621:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13181 (PHE 621E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1669 (GLN 622:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13186 (GLN 622E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1670 (VAL 623:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13191 (VAL 623E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1671 (TYR 624:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13196 (TYR 624E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1672 (LEU 631:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13201 (LEU 631E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1673 (LEU 632:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13206 (LEU 632E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1674 (ARG 633:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13211 (ARG 633E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1675 (VAL 634:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13216 (VAL 634E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1676 (PHE 635:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13221 (PHE 635E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1677 (TRP 636:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13226 (TRP 636E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1678 (TRP 637:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13231 (TRP 637E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1679 (LEU 638:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13236 (LEU 638E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1680 (VAL 639:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13241 (VAL 639E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1681 (VAL 640:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13246 (VAL 640E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1683 (TYR 642:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13256 (TYR 642E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1684 (THR 643:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13261 (THR 643E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1685 (MET 644:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13266 (MET 644E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1686 (LEU 645:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13271 (LEU 645E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1687 (VAL 646:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13276 (VAL 646E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1688 (LEU 647:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13281 (LEU 647E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1689 (ILE 648:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13286 (ILE 648E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1691 (VAL 650:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13296 (VAL 650E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1692 (TYR 651:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13301 (TYR 651E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1693 (ASP 657:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13306 (ASP 657E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1694 (PHE 658:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13311 (PHE 658E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1695 (PRO 659:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13316 (PRO 659E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1696 (THR 660:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13321 (THR 660E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1697 (TYR 661:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13326 (TYR 661E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1698 (TRP 662:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13331 (TRP 662E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1699 (ARG 663:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13336 (ARG 663E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1700 (GLU 685:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13341 (GLU 685E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1701 (LEU 686:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13346 (LEU 686E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1702 (PHE 687:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13351 (PHE 687E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1703 (SER 688:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13356 (SER 688E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1704 (SER 689:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13361 (SER 689E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1705 (ILE 690:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13366 (ILE 690E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1706 (LEU 691:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13371 (LEU 691E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1707 (ILE 692:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13376 (ILE 692E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1708 (PRO 693:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13381 (PRO 693E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1710 (PHE 695:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13390 (PHE 695E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1711 (PHE 696:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13395 (PHE 696E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1712 (LEU 697:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13400 (LEU 697E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1713 (LEU 698:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13405 (LEU 698E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1715 (CYS 700:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13415 (CYS 700E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1716 (ILE 701:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13420 (ILE 701E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1717 (LEU 702:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13425 (LEU 702E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1718 (GLN 703:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13430 (GLN 703E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1719 (LEU 704:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13435 (LEU 704E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1720 (HIS 705:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13440 (HIS 705E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1721 (PRO 710:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13445 (PRO 710E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1722 (PHE 711:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13450 (PHE 711E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1723 (MET 712:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13455 (MET 712E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1724 (GLN 713:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13460 (GLN 713E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2098 (VAL 1555:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16551 (VAL 1555E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2099 (LEU 1556:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16556 (LEU 1556E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2100 (ASP 1557:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16561 (ASP 1557E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2101 (GLN 1558:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16566 (GLN 1558E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2102 (LEU 1559:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16571 (LEU 1559E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2103 (TYR 1560:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16576 (TYR 1560E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2104 (VAL 1561:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16581 (VAL 1561E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2107 (THR 1567:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16595 (THR 1567E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2108 (LEU 1568:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16600 (LEU 1568E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2109 (SER 1569:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16605 (SER 1569E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
5 sidechains in contact with residue  642 (PHE  2090:A, iCode=' ' helix  45)
residue 642 (PHE 2090:A) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) GLN 2050:A iCode=' '	1) LEU 2053:A iCode=' '	2) VAL 2054:A iCode=' '	3) ILE 2057:A iCode=' '	4) HIS 2058:A iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
GLN 2050:A iCode=' '	LEU 2053:A iCode=' '	VAL 2054:A iCode=' '	ILE 2057:A iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue 1465 (PHE  2090:C, iCode=' ' helix 105)
residue 1465 (PHE 2090:C) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) GLN 2050:C iCode=' '	1) LEU 2053:C iCode=' '	2) VAL 2054:C iCode=' '	3) ILE 2057:C iCode=' '	4) HIS 2058:C iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
GLN 2050:C iCode=' '	LEU 2053:C iCode=' '	VAL 2054:C iCode=' '	ILE 2057:C iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue 2288 (PHE  2090:E, iCode=' ' helix 165)
residue 2288 (PHE 2090:E) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) GLN 2050:E iCode=' '	1) LEU 2053:E iCode=' '	2) VAL 2054:E iCode=' '	3) ILE 2057:E iCode=' '	4) HIS 2058:E iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
GLN 2050:E iCode=' '	LEU 2053:E iCode=' '	VAL 2054:E iCode=' '	ILE 2057:E iCode=' '	


These are the knobs and holes:

knobs in helix 0:
knobs in helix 1:
knobs in helix 2:
knobs in helix 3:
knobs in helix 4:
knobs in helix 5:
knobs in helix 6:
knobs in helix 7:
knobs in helix 8:
knobs in helix 9:
4) 135 (THR 857:A, iCode=' ', helix 9) type 4	(hole:  HIS 927:A iCode=' ', ILE 930:A iCode=' ', LEU 931:A iCode=' ', LEU 934:A iCode=' ' helix 10) packing angle   71.951
knobs in helix 10:
6) 150 (LEU 931:A, iCode=' ', helix 10) type 4	(hole:  THR 854:A iCode=' ', THR 857:A iCode=' ', CYS 858:A iCode=' ', ILE 861:A iCode=' ' helix 9) packing angle  142.311
knobs in helix 11:
knobs in helix 12:
knobs in helix 13:
knobs in helix 14:
knobs in helix 15:
knobs in helix 16:
knobs in helix 17:
knobs in helix 18:
knobs in helix 19:
knobs in helix 20:
knobs in helix 21:
knobs in helix 22:
18) 306 (ILE 1214:A, iCode=' ', helix 22) type 4	(hole:  PHE 1287:A iCode=' ', LEU 1290:A iCode=' ', LEU 1291:A iCode=' ', ARG 1294:A iCode=' ' helix 24) packing angle  153.074
19) 309 (ASN 1217:A, iCode=' ', helix 22) type 4	(hole:  ASP 1283:A iCode=' ', CYS 1286:A iCode=' ', PHE 1287:A iCode=' ', LEU 1290:A iCode=' ' helix 24) packing angle   78.135
knobs in helix 23:
knobs in helix 24:
20) 331 (PHE 1287:A, iCode=' ', helix 24) type 3	(hole:  ILE 1214:A iCode=' ', ASN 1217:A iCode=' ', VAL 1218:A iCode=' ', ILE 1221:A iCode=' ' helix 22) packing angle  145.429
21) 334 (LEU 1290:A, iCode=' ', helix 24) type 4	(hole:  TRP 1210:A iCode=' ', LEU 1213:A iCode=' ', ILE 1214:A iCode=' ', ASN 1217:A iCode=' ' helix 22) packing angle   81.058
knobs in helix 25:
knobs in helix 26:
knobs in helix 27:
knobs in helix 28:
knobs in helix 29:
knobs in helix 30:
knobs in helix 31:
knobs in helix 32:
knobs in helix 33:
knobs in helix 34:
knobs in helix 35:
knobs in helix 36:
knobs in helix 37:
knobs in helix 38:
knobs in helix 39:
knobs in helix 40:
knobs in helix 41:
knobs in helix 42:
33) 578 (ILE 1988:A, iCode=' ', helix 42) type 4	(hole:  LEU 2024:A iCode=' ', GLN 2027:A iCode=' ', PHE 2028:A iCode=' ', MET 2031:A iCode=' ' helix 43) packing angle  162.326
knobs in helix 43:
35) 595 (GLN 2027:A, iCode=' ', helix 43) type 4	(hole:  ASP 1984:A iCode=' ', ASP 1987:A iCode=' ', ILE 1988:A iCode=' ', ILE 1991:A iCode=' ' helix 42) packing angle   97.301
knobs in helix 44:
knobs in helix 45:
knobs in helix 46:
knobs in helix 47:
knobs in helix 48:
47) 683 (TYR 2159:A, iCode=' ', helix 48) type 3	(hole:  LEU 2504:A iCode=' ', CYS 2507:A iCode=' ', GLN 2508:A iCode=' ', PHE 2511:A iCode=' ' helix 57) packing angle  133.264
knobs in helix 49:
knobs in helix 50:
knobs in helix 51:
knobs in helix 52:
knobs in helix 53:
knobs in helix 54:
knobs in helix 55:
knobs in helix 56:
knobs in helix 57:
48) 792 (CYS 2507:A, iCode=' ', helix 57) type 4	(hole:  VAL 2155:A iCode=' ', ILE 2158:A iCode=' ', TYR 2159:A iCode=' ', ILE 2162:A iCode=' ' helix 48) packing angle   83.016
51) 791 (LEU 2506:A, iCode=' ', helix 57) type 4	(hole:  LEU 2525:A iCode=' ', LYS 2528:A iCode=' ', LEU 2529:A iCode=' ', LEU 2532:A iCode=' ' helix 58) packing angle   86.530
knobs in helix 58:
53) 812 (LEU 2529:A, iCode=' ', helix 58) type 4	(hole:  ILE 2503:A iCode=' ', LEU 2506:A iCode=' ', CYS 2507:A iCode=' ', ILE 2510:A iCode=' ' helix 57) packing angle  153.903
knobs in helix 59:
knobs in helix 60:
knobs in helix 61:
knobs in helix 62:
knobs in helix 63:
knobs in helix 64:
knobs in helix 65:
knobs in helix 66:
knobs in helix 67:
knobs in helix 68:
knobs in helix 69:
58) 958 (THR 857:C, iCode=' ', helix 69) type 4	(hole:  HIS 927:C iCode=' ', ILE 930:C iCode=' ', LEU 931:C iCode=' ', LEU 934:C iCode=' ' helix 70) packing angle   71.959
knobs in helix 70:
60) 973 (LEU 931:C, iCode=' ', helix 70) type 4	(hole:  THR 854:C iCode=' ', THR 857:C iCode=' ', CYS 858:C iCode=' ', ILE 861:C iCode=' ' helix 69) packing angle  142.301
knobs in helix 71:
knobs in helix 72:
knobs in helix 73:
knobs in helix 74:
knobs in helix 75:
knobs in helix 76:
knobs in helix 77:
knobs in helix 78:
knobs in helix 79:
knobs in helix 80:
knobs in helix 81:
knobs in helix 82:
72) 1129 (ILE 1214:C, iCode=' ', helix 82) type 4	(hole:  PHE 1287:C iCode=' ', LEU 1290:C iCode=' ', LEU 1291:C iCode=' ', ARG 1294:C iCode=' ' helix 84) packing angle  153.082
73) 1132 (ASN 1217:C, iCode=' ', helix 82) type 4	(hole:  ASP 1283:C iCode=' ', CYS 1286:C iCode=' ', PHE 1287:C iCode=' ', LEU 1290:C iCode=' ' helix 84) packing angle   78.196
knobs in helix 83:
knobs in helix 84:
74) 1154 (PHE 1287:C, iCode=' ', helix 84) type 3	(hole:  ILE 1214:C iCode=' ', ASN 1217:C iCode=' ', VAL 1218:C iCode=' ', ILE 1221:C iCode=' ' helix 82) packing angle  145.433
75) 1157 (LEU 1290:C, iCode=' ', helix 84) type 4	(hole:  TRP 1210:C iCode=' ', LEU 1213:C iCode=' ', ILE 1214:C iCode=' ', ASN 1217:C iCode=' ' helix 82) packing angle   81.017
knobs in helix 85:
knobs in helix 86:
knobs in helix 87:
knobs in helix 88:
knobs in helix 89:
knobs in helix 90:
knobs in helix 91:
knobs in helix 92:
knobs in helix 93:
knobs in helix 94:
knobs in helix 95:
knobs in helix 96:
knobs in helix 97:
knobs in helix 98:
knobs in helix 99:
knobs in helix 100:
knobs in helix 101:
knobs in helix 102:
87) 1401 (ILE 1988:C, iCode=' ', helix 102) type 4	(hole:  LEU 2024:C iCode=' ', GLN 2027:C iCode=' ', PHE 2028:C iCode=' ', MET 2031:C iCode=' ' helix 103) packing angle  162.314
knobs in helix 103:
89) 1418 (GLN 2027:C, iCode=' ', helix 103) type 4	(hole:  ASP 1984:C iCode=' ', ASP 1987:C iCode=' ', ILE 1988:C iCode=' ', ILE 1991:C iCode=' ' helix 102) packing angle   97.329
knobs in helix 104:
knobs in helix 105:
knobs in helix 106:
knobs in helix 107:
knobs in helix 108:
100) 1506 (TYR 2159:C, iCode=' ', helix 108) type 3	(hole:  LEU 2504:C iCode=' ', CYS 2507:C iCode=' ', GLN 2508:C iCode=' ', PHE 2511:C iCode=' ' helix 117) packing angle  133.277
knobs in helix 109:
knobs in helix 110:
knobs in helix 111:
knobs in helix 112:
knobs in helix 113:
knobs in helix 114:
knobs in helix 115:
knobs in helix 116:
knobs in helix 117:
101) 1615 (CYS 2507:C, iCode=' ', helix 117) type 4	(hole:  VAL 2155:C iCode=' ', ILE 2158:C iCode=' ', TYR 2159:C iCode=' ', ILE 2162:C iCode=' ' helix 108) packing angle   83.032
104) 1614 (LEU 2506:C, iCode=' ', helix 117) type 4	(hole:  LEU 2525:C iCode=' ', LYS 2528:C iCode=' ', LEU 2529:C iCode=' ', LEU 2532:C iCode=' ' helix 118) packing angle   86.531
knobs in helix 118:
106) 1635 (LEU 2529:C, iCode=' ', helix 118) type 4	(hole:  ILE 2503:C iCode=' ', LEU 2506:C iCode=' ', CYS 2507:C iCode=' ', ILE 2510:C iCode=' ' helix 117) packing angle  153.905
knobs in helix 119:
knobs in helix 120:
knobs in helix 121:
knobs in helix 122:
knobs in helix 123:
knobs in helix 124:
knobs in helix 125:
knobs in helix 126:
knobs in helix 127:
knobs in helix 128:
knobs in helix 129:
111) 1781 (THR 857:E, iCode=' ', helix 129) type 4	(hole:  HIS 927:E iCode=' ', ILE 930:E iCode=' ', LEU 931:E iCode=' ', LEU 934:E iCode=' ' helix 130) packing angle   71.984
knobs in helix 130:
113) 1796 (LEU 931:E, iCode=' ', helix 130) type 4	(hole:  THR 854:E iCode=' ', THR 857:E iCode=' ', CYS 858:E iCode=' ', ILE 861:E iCode=' ' helix 129) packing angle  142.290
knobs in helix 131:
knobs in helix 132:
knobs in helix 133:
knobs in helix 134:
knobs in helix 135:
knobs in helix 136:
knobs in helix 137:
knobs in helix 138:
knobs in helix 139:
knobs in helix 140:
knobs in helix 141:
knobs in helix 142:
125) 1952 (ILE 1214:E, iCode=' ', helix 142) type 4	(hole:  PHE 1287:E iCode=' ', LEU 1290:E iCode=' ', LEU 1291:E iCode=' ', ARG 1294:E iCode=' ' helix 144) packing angle  153.074
126) 1955 (ASN 1217:E, iCode=' ', helix 142) type 4	(hole:  ASP 1283:E iCode=' ', CYS 1286:E iCode=' ', PHE 1287:E iCode=' ', LEU 1290:E iCode=' ' helix 144) packing angle   78.165
knobs in helix 143:
knobs in helix 144:
127) 1977 (PHE 1287:E, iCode=' ', helix 144) type 3	(hole:  ILE 1214:E iCode=' ', ASN 1217:E iCode=' ', VAL 1218:E iCode=' ', ILE 1221:E iCode=' ' helix 142) packing angle  145.394
128) 1980 (LEU 1290:E, iCode=' ', helix 144) type 4	(hole:  TRP 1210:E iCode=' ', LEU 1213:E iCode=' ', ILE 1214:E iCode=' ', ASN 1217:E iCode=' ' helix 142) packing angle   81.023
knobs in helix 145:
knobs in helix 146:
knobs in helix 147:
knobs in helix 148:
knobs in helix 149:
knobs in helix 150:
knobs in helix 151:
knobs in helix 152:
knobs in helix 153:
knobs in helix 154:
knobs in helix 155:
knobs in helix 156:
knobs in helix 157:
knobs in helix 158:
knobs in helix 159:
knobs in helix 160:
knobs in helix 161:
knobs in helix 162:
140) 2224 (ILE 1988:E, iCode=' ', helix 162) type 4	(hole:  LEU 2024:E iCode=' ', GLN 2027:E iCode=' ', PHE 2028:E iCode=' ', MET 2031:E iCode=' ' helix 163) packing angle  162.323
knobs in helix 163:
142) 2241 (GLN 2027:E, iCode=' ', helix 163) type 4	(hole:  ASP 1984:E iCode=' ', ASP 1987:E iCode=' ', ILE 1988:E iCode=' ', ILE 1991:E iCode=' ' helix 162) packing angle   97.343
knobs in helix 164:
knobs in helix 165:
knobs in helix 166:
knobs in helix 167:
knobs in helix 168:
153) 2329 (TYR 2159:E, iCode=' ', helix 168) type 3	(hole:  LEU 2504:E iCode=' ', CYS 2507:E iCode=' ', GLN 2508:E iCode=' ', PHE 2511:E iCode=' ' helix 177) packing angle  133.271
knobs in helix 169:
knobs in helix 170:
knobs in helix 171:
knobs in helix 172:
knobs in helix 173:
knobs in helix 174:
knobs in helix 175:
knobs in helix 176:
knobs in helix 177:
154) 2438 (CYS 2507:E, iCode=' ', helix 177) type 4	(hole:  VAL 2155:E iCode=' ', ILE 2158:E iCode=' ', TYR 2159:E iCode=' ', ILE 2162:E iCode=' ' helix 168) packing angle   83.047
156) 2437 (LEU 2506:E, iCode=' ', helix 177) type 4	(hole:  LEU 2525:E iCode=' ', LYS 2528:E iCode=' ', LEU 2529:E iCode=' ', LEU 2532:E iCode=' ' helix 178) packing angle   86.594
knobs in helix 178:
158) 2458 (LEU 2529:E, iCode=' ', helix 178) type 4	(hole:  ILE 2503:E iCode=' ', LEU 2506:E iCode=' ', CYS 2507:E iCode=' ', ILE 2510:E iCode=' ' helix 177) packing angle  153.894
knobs in helix 179:
holes in helix 0:
holes in helix 1:
holes in helix 2:
holes in helix 3:
holes in helix 4:
holes in helix 5:
holes in helix 6:
holes in helix 7:
holes in helix 8:
holes in helix 9:
 THR 854:A iCode=' ', THR 857:A iCode=' ', CYS 858:A iCode=' ', ILE 861:A iCode=' ' (knob: 150 (LEU 931:A, helix 10))
holes in helix 10:
 HIS 927:A iCode=' ', ILE 930:A iCode=' ', LEU 931:A iCode=' ', LEU 934:A iCode=' ' (knob: 135 (THR 857:A, helix 9))
holes in helix 11:
holes in helix 12:
holes in helix 13:
holes in helix 14:
holes in helix 15:
holes in helix 16:
holes in helix 17:
holes in helix 18:
holes in helix 19:
holes in helix 20:
holes in helix 21:
holes in helix 22:
 ILE 1214:A iCode=' ', ASN 1217:A iCode=' ', VAL 1218:A iCode=' ', ILE 1221:A iCode=' ' (knob: 331 (PHE 1287:A, helix 24))
 TRP 1210:A iCode=' ', LEU 1213:A iCode=' ', ILE 1214:A iCode=' ', ASN 1217:A iCode=' ' (knob: 334 (LEU 1290:A, helix 24))
holes in helix 23:
holes in helix 24:
 PHE 1287:A iCode=' ', LEU 1290:A iCode=' ', LEU 1291:A iCode=' ', ARG 1294:A iCode=' ' (knob: 306 (ILE 1214:A, helix 22))
 ASP 1283:A iCode=' ', CYS 1286:A iCode=' ', PHE 1287:A iCode=' ', LEU 1290:A iCode=' ' (knob: 309 (ASN 1217:A, helix 22))
holes in helix 25:
holes in helix 26:
holes in helix 27:
holes in helix 28:
holes in helix 29:
holes in helix 30:
holes in helix 31:
holes in helix 32:
holes in helix 33:
holes in helix 34:
holes in helix 35:
holes in helix 36:
holes in helix 37:
holes in helix 38:
holes in helix 39:
holes in helix 40:
holes in helix 41:
holes in helix 42:
 ASP 1984:A iCode=' ', ASP 1987:A iCode=' ', ILE 1988:A iCode=' ', ILE 1991:A iCode=' ' (knob: 595 (GLN 2027:A, helix 43))
holes in helix 43:
 LEU 2024:A iCode=' ', GLN 2027:A iCode=' ', PHE 2028:A iCode=' ', MET 2031:A iCode=' ' (knob: 578 (ILE 1988:A, helix 42))
holes in helix 44:
holes in helix 45:
holes in helix 46:
holes in helix 47:
holes in helix 48:
 VAL 2155:A iCode=' ', ILE 2158:A iCode=' ', TYR 2159:A iCode=' ', ILE 2162:A iCode=' ' (knob: 792 (CYS 2507:A, helix 57))
holes in helix 49:
holes in helix 50:
holes in helix 51:
holes in helix 52:
holes in helix 53:
holes in helix 54:
holes in helix 55:
holes in helix 56:
holes in helix 57:
 LEU 2504:A iCode=' ', CYS 2507:A iCode=' ', GLN 2508:A iCode=' ', PHE 2511:A iCode=' ' (knob: 683 (TYR 2159:A, helix 48))
 ILE 2503:A iCode=' ', LEU 2506:A iCode=' ', CYS 2507:A iCode=' ', ILE 2510:A iCode=' ' (knob: 812 (LEU 2529:A, helix 58))
holes in helix 58:
 LEU 2525:A iCode=' ', LYS 2528:A iCode=' ', LEU 2529:A iCode=' ', LEU 2532:A iCode=' ' (knob: 791 (LEU 2506:A, helix 57))
holes in helix 59:
holes in helix 60:
holes in helix 61:
holes in helix 62:
holes in helix 63:
holes in helix 64:
holes in helix 65:
holes in helix 66:
holes in helix 67:
holes in helix 68:
holes in helix 69:
 THR 854:C iCode=' ', THR 857:C iCode=' ', CYS 858:C iCode=' ', ILE 861:C iCode=' ' (knob: 973 (LEU 931:C, helix 70))
holes in helix 70:
 HIS 927:C iCode=' ', ILE 930:C iCode=' ', LEU 931:C iCode=' ', LEU 934:C iCode=' ' (knob: 958 (THR 857:C, helix 69))
holes in helix 71:
holes in helix 72:
holes in helix 73:
holes in helix 74:
holes in helix 75:
holes in helix 76:
holes in helix 77:
holes in helix 78:
holes in helix 79:
holes in helix 80:
holes in helix 81:
holes in helix 82:
 ILE 1214:C iCode=' ', ASN 1217:C iCode=' ', VAL 1218:C iCode=' ', ILE 1221:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1154 (PHE 1287:C, helix 84))
 TRP 1210:C iCode=' ', LEU 1213:C iCode=' ', ILE 1214:C iCode=' ', ASN 1217:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1157 (LEU 1290:C, helix 84))
holes in helix 83:
holes in helix 84:
 PHE 1287:C iCode=' ', LEU 1290:C iCode=' ', LEU 1291:C iCode=' ', ARG 1294:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1129 (ILE 1214:C, helix 82))
 ASP 1283:C iCode=' ', CYS 1286:C iCode=' ', PHE 1287:C iCode=' ', LEU 1290:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1132 (ASN 1217:C, helix 82))
holes in helix 85:
holes in helix 86:
holes in helix 87:
holes in helix 88:
holes in helix 89:
holes in helix 90:
holes in helix 91:
holes in helix 92:
holes in helix 93:
holes in helix 94:
holes in helix 95:
holes in helix 96:
holes in helix 97:
holes in helix 98:
holes in helix 99:
holes in helix 100:
holes in helix 101:
holes in helix 102:
 ASP 1984:C iCode=' ', ASP 1987:C iCode=' ', ILE 1988:C iCode=' ', ILE 1991:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1418 (GLN 2027:C, helix 103))
holes in helix 103:
 LEU 2024:C iCode=' ', GLN 2027:C iCode=' ', PHE 2028:C iCode=' ', MET 2031:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1401 (ILE 1988:C, helix 102))
holes in helix 104:
holes in helix 105:
holes in helix 106:
holes in helix 107:
holes in helix 108:
 VAL 2155:C iCode=' ', ILE 2158:C iCode=' ', TYR 2159:C iCode=' ', ILE 2162:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1615 (CYS 2507:C, helix 117))
holes in helix 109:
holes in helix 110:
holes in helix 111:
holes in helix 112:
holes in helix 113:
holes in helix 114:
holes in helix 115:
holes in helix 116:
holes in helix 117:
 LEU 2504:C iCode=' ', CYS 2507:C iCode=' ', GLN 2508:C iCode=' ', PHE 2511:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1506 (TYR 2159:C, helix 108))
 ILE 2503:C iCode=' ', LEU 2506:C iCode=' ', CYS 2507:C iCode=' ', ILE 2510:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1635 (LEU 2529:C, helix 118))
holes in helix 118:
 LEU 2525:C iCode=' ', LYS 2528:C iCode=' ', LEU 2529:C iCode=' ', LEU 2532:C iCode=' ' (knob: 1614 (LEU 2506:C, helix 117))
holes in helix 119:
holes in helix 120:
holes in helix 121:
holes in helix 122:
holes in helix 123:
holes in helix 124:
holes in helix 125:
holes in helix 126:
holes in helix 127:
holes in helix 128:
holes in helix 129:
 THR 854:E iCode=' ', THR 857:E iCode=' ', CYS 858:E iCode=' ', ILE 861:E iCode=' ' (knob: 1796 (LEU 931:E, helix 130))
holes in helix 130:
 HIS 927:E iCode=' ', ILE 930:E iCode=' ', LEU 931:E iCode=' ', LEU 934:E iCode=' ' (knob: 1781 (THR 857:E, helix 129))
holes in helix 131:
holes in helix 132:
holes in helix 133:
holes in helix 134:
holes in helix 135:
holes in helix 136:
holes in helix 137:
holes in helix 138:
holes in helix 139:
holes in helix 140:
holes in helix 141:
holes in helix 142:
 ILE 1214:E iCode=' ', ASN 1217:E iCode=' ', VAL 1218:E iCode=' ', ILE 1221:E iCode=' ' (knob: 1977 (PHE 1287:E, helix 144))
 TRP 1210:E iCode=' ', LEU 1213:E iCode=' ', ILE 1214:E iCode=' ', ASN 1217:E iCode=' ' (knob: 1980 (LEU 1290:E, helix 144))
holes in helix 143:
holes in helix 144:
 PHE 1287:E iCode=' ', LEU 1290:E iCode=' ', LEU 1291:E iCode=' ', ARG 1294:E iCode=' ' (knob: 1952 (ILE 1214:E, helix 142))
 ASP 1283:E iCode=' ', CYS 1286:E iCode=' ', PHE 1287:E iCode=' ', LEU 1290:E iCode=' ' (knob: 1955 (ASN 1217:E, helix 142))
holes in helix 145:
holes in helix 146:
holes in helix 147:
holes in helix 148:
holes in helix 149:
holes in helix 150:
holes in helix 151:
holes in helix 152:
holes in helix 153:
holes in helix 154:
holes in helix 155:
holes in helix 156:
holes in helix 157:
holes in helix 158:
holes in helix 159:
holes in helix 160:
holes in helix 161:
holes in helix 162:
 ASP 1984:E iCode=' ', ASP 1987:E iCode=' ', ILE 1988:E iCode=' ', ILE 1991:E iCode=' ' (knob: 2241 (GLN 2027:E, helix 163))
holes in helix 163:
 LEU 2024:E iCode=' ', GLN 2027:E iCode=' ', PHE 2028:E iCode=' ', MET 2031:E iCode=' ' (knob: 2224 (ILE 1988:E, helix 162))
holes in helix 164:
holes in helix 165:
holes in helix 166:
holes in helix 167:
holes in helix 168:
 VAL 2155:E iCode=' ', ILE 2158:E iCode=' ', TYR 2159:E iCode=' ', ILE 2162:E iCode=' ' (knob: 2438 (CYS 2507:E, helix 177))
holes in helix 169:
holes in helix 170:
holes in helix 171:
holes in helix 172:
holes in helix 173:
holes in helix 174:
holes in helix 175:
holes in helix 176:
holes in helix 177:
 LEU 2504:E iCode=' ', CYS 2507:E iCode=' ', GLN 2508:E iCode=' ', PHE 2511:E iCode=' ' (knob: 2329 (TYR 2159:E, helix 168))
 ILE 2503:E iCode=' ', LEU 2506:E iCode=' ', CYS 2507:E iCode=' ', ILE 2510:E iCode=' ' (knob: 2458 (LEU 2529:E, helix 178))
holes in helix 178:
 LEU 2525:E iCode=' ', LYS 2528:E iCode=' ', LEU 2529:E iCode=' ', LEU 2532:E iCode=' ' (knob: 2437 (LEU 2506:E, helix 177))
holes in helix 179:

knob   0 (residue 140 = VAL 862:A iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob   1 (residue 37 = TYR 642:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   2 (residue 62 = PRO 693:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   3 (residue 106 = TYR 816:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   4 (residue 135 = THR 857:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob   5 (residue 146 = HIS 927:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   6 (residue 150 = LEU 931:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob   7 (residue 153 = LEU 934:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   8 (residue 179 = PHE 986:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   9 (residue 186 = CYS 994:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  10 (residue 239 = LEU 1100:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  11 (residue 188 = LEU 996:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  12 (residue 220 = LEU 1040:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  13 (residue 236 = ASP 1097:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  14 (residue 243 = ALA 1104:A iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  15 (residue 271 = VAL 1168:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  16 (residue 540 = LEU 1787:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  17 (residue 524 = VAL 1742:A iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  18 (residue 306 = ILE 1214:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  19 (residue 309 = ASN 1217:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  20 (residue 331 = PHE 1287:A iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  21 (residue 334 = LEU 1290:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  22 (residue 353 = ALA 1311:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  23 (residue 451 = LEU 1545:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  24 (residue 797 = LEU 2512:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  25 (residue 397 = GLN 1356:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  26 (residue 804 = LEU 2521:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  27 (residue 475 = LEU 1675:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  28 (residue 498 = MET 1700:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  29 (residue 519 = THR 1737:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  30 (residue 539 = ASP 1786:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  31 (residue 546 = LEU 1793:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  32 (residue 574 = ASP 1984:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  33 (residue 578 = ILE 1988:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  34 (residue 581 = ILE 1991:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  35 (residue 595 = GLN 2027:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  36 (residue 570 = MET 1980:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  37 (residue 573 = ALA 1983:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  38 (residue 580 = ILE 1990:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  39 (residue 637 = VAL 2085:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  40 (residue 615 = PHE 2049:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  41 (residue 616 = GLN 2050:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  42 (residue 642 = PHE 2090:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  43 (residue 649 = ILE 2097:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  44 (residue 688 = ILE 2164:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  45 (residue 2354 = ILE 2196:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  46 (residue 679 = VAL 2155:A iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  47 (residue 683 = TYR 2159:A iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  48 (residue 792 = CYS 2507:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  49 (residue 708 = ILE 2196:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  50 (residue 751 = LEU 2308:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  51 (residue 791 = LEU 2506:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  52 (residue 808 = LEU 2525:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  53 (residue 812 = LEU 2529:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  54 (residue 963 = VAL 862:C iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  55 (residue 860 = TYR 642:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  56 (residue 885 = PRO 693:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  57 (residue 929 = TYR 816:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  58 (residue 958 = THR 857:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  59 (residue 969 = HIS 927:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  60 (residue 973 = LEU 931:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  61 (residue 976 = LEU 934:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  62 (residue 1002 = PHE 986:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  63 (residue 1009 = CYS 994:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  64 (residue 1062 = LEU 1100:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  65 (residue 1011 = LEU 996:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  66 (residue 1043 = LEU 1040:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  67 (residue 1059 = ASP 1097:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  68 (residue 1066 = ALA 1104:C iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  69 (residue 1094 = VAL 1168:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  70 (residue 1363 = LEU 1787:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  71 (residue 1347 = VAL 1742:C iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  72 (residue 1129 = ILE 1214:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  73 (residue 1132 = ASN 1217:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  74 (residue 1154 = PHE 1287:C iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  75 (residue 1157 = LEU 1290:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  76 (residue 1176 = ALA 1311:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  77 (residue 1274 = LEU 1545:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  78 (residue 1620 = LEU 2512:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  79 (residue 1220 = GLN 1356:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  80 (residue 1627 = LEU 2521:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  81 (residue 1298 = LEU 1675:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  82 (residue 1321 = MET 1700:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  83 (residue 1342 = THR 1737:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  84 (residue 1362 = ASP 1786:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  85 (residue 1369 = LEU 1793:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  86 (residue 1397 = ASP 1984:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  87 (residue 1401 = ILE 1988:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  88 (residue 1404 = ILE 1991:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  89 (residue 1418 = GLN 2027:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  90 (residue 1393 = MET 1980:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  91 (residue 1396 = ALA 1983:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  92 (residue 1403 = ILE 1990:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  93 (residue 1460 = VAL 2085:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  94 (residue 1438 = PHE 2049:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  95 (residue 1439 = GLN 2050:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  96 (residue 1465 = PHE 2090:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  97 (residue 1472 = ILE 2097:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  98 (residue 1511 = ILE 2164:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  99 (residue 1502 = VAL 2155:C iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 100 (residue 1506 = TYR 2159:C iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 101 (residue 1615 = CYS 2507:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 102 (residue 1531 = ILE 2196:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 103 (residue 1574 = LEU 2308:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 104 (residue 1614 = LEU 2506:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 105 (residue 1631 = LEU 2525:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 106 (residue 1635 = LEU 2529:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 107 (residue 1786 = VAL 862:E iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 108 (residue 1683 = TYR 642:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 109 (residue 1708 = PRO 693:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 110 (residue 1752 = TYR 816:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 111 (residue 1781 = THR 857:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 112 (residue 1792 = HIS 927:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 113 (residue 1796 = LEU 931:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 114 (residue 1799 = LEU 934:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 115 (residue 1825 = PHE 986:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 116 (residue 1832 = CYS 994:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 117 (residue 1885 = LEU 1100:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 118 (residue 1834 = LEU 996:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 119 (residue 1866 = LEU 1040:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 120 (residue 1882 = ASP 1097:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 121 (residue 1889 = ALA 1104:E iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 122 (residue 1917 = VAL 1168:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 123 (residue 2186 = LEU 1787:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 124 (residue 2170 = VAL 1742:E iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 125 (residue 1952 = ILE 1214:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 126 (residue 1955 = ASN 1217:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 127 (residue 1977 = PHE 1287:E iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 128 (residue 1980 = LEU 1290:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 129 (residue 1999 = ALA 1311:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 130 (residue 2097 = LEU 1545:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 131 (residue 2443 = LEU 2512:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 132 (residue 2043 = GLN 1356:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 133 (residue 2450 = LEU 2521:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 134 (residue 2121 = LEU 1675:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 135 (residue 2144 = MET 1700:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 136 (residue 2165 = THR 1737:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 137 (residue 2185 = ASP 1786:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 138 (residue 2192 = LEU 1793:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 139 (residue 2220 = ASP 1984:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 140 (residue 2224 = ILE 1988:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 141 (residue 2227 = ILE 1991:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 142 (residue 2241 = GLN 2027:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 143 (residue 2216 = MET 1980:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 144 (residue 2219 = ALA 1983:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 145 (residue 2226 = ILE 1990:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 146 (residue 2283 = VAL 2085:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 147 (residue 2261 = PHE 2049:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 148 (residue 2262 = GLN 2050:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 149 (residue 2288 = PHE 2090:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 150 (residue 2295 = ILE 2097:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 151 (residue 2334 = ILE 2164:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 152 (residue 2325 = VAL 2155:E iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 153 (residue 2329 = TYR 2159:E iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 154 (residue 2438 = CYS 2507:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 155 (residue 2397 = LEU 2308:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 156 (residue 2437 = LEU 2506:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 157 (residue 2454 = LEU 2525:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 158 (residue 2458 = LEU 2529:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2

coiled coil  0:  2 helices   9 10	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  1:  2 helices  22 24	frequency 2
coiled coil  2:  2 helices  42 43	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  3:  2 helices  48 57	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  4:  2 helices  57 58	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  5:  2 helices  69 70	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  6:  2 helices  82 84	frequency 2
coiled coil  7:  2 helices 102103	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  8:  2 helices 108117	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  9:  2 helices 117118	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 10:  2 helices 129130	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 11:  2 helices 142144	frequency 2
coiled coil 12:  2 helices 162163	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 13:  2 helices 168177	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 14:  2 helices 177178	frequency 1 IGNORING

helix 9 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 10 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 22 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 24 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 42 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 43 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 48 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 57 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 58 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 69 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 70 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 82 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 84 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 102 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 103 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 108 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 117 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 118 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 129 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 130 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 142 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 144 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 162 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 163 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 168 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 177 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 178 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil



coiled coil  1:
	angle between helices 22 and 24 is  169.751	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6b3r  7.0 0 coiled coil (i) 1 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 12 mean 12.00):


assigning heptad to helix 22 (X) 1206-1227:A
extent of coiled coil packing: 1210-1221:A
sequence QLVLWDCLILYNVTVIISKNML
register     defgabcdefga      
partner  --------Y--Y----------
knobtype --------4--4----------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 24 (Y) 1280-1297:A
extent of coiled coil packing: 1283-1294:A
sequence IIWDSICFFFLLLQRRIF
register    defgabcdefga   
partner  -------X--X-------
knobtype -------3--4-------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


coiled coil  6:
	angle between helices 82 and 84 is  169.753	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6b3r  7.0 0 coiled coil (ii) 6 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 12 mean 12.00):


assigning heptad to helix 82 (X) 1206-1227:C
extent of coiled coil packing: 1210-1221:C
sequence QLVLWDCLILYNVTVIISKNML
register     defgabcdefga      
partner  --------Y--Y----------
knobtype --------4--4----------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 84 (Y) 1280-1297:C
extent of coiled coil packing: 1283-1294:C
sequence IIWDSICFFFLLLQRRIF
register    defgabcdefga   
partner  -------X--X-------
knobtype -------3--4-------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


coiled coil 11:
	angle between helices 142 and 144 is  169.753	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6b3r  7.0 0 coiled coil (iii) 11 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 12 mean 12.00):


assigning heptad to helix 142 (X) 1206-1227:E
extent of coiled coil packing: 1210-1221:E
sequence QLVLWDCLILYNVTVIISKNML
register     defgabcdefga      
partner  --------Y--Y----------
knobtype --------4--4----------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 144 (Y) 1280-1297:E
extent of coiled coil packing: 1283-1294:E
sequence IIWDSICFFFLLLQRRIF
register    defgabcdefga   
partner  -------X--X-------
knobtype -------3--4-------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1
6b3r c  7.00 e 0 result 3 COILED COILS PRESENT (+ 12 helix groups are either pairs with too few complementary knob in hole interactions or are subsets of larger coiled coils)
Finished
