SOCKET v3.02 02-11-01 John Walshaw, University of Sussex
using cutoff of  7.0 Angstroms for centre of mass distances

attempting to open "/fs/ccplus/data/g3/6g31/structures/6g31.pdb"
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/g3/6g31/structures/6g31.pdb" (input)
file name implies standard PDB entry, code 6g31
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/g3/6g31/dssp/6g31.pdb.dssp" (input)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/g3/6g31/rasmol/6g31.pdb.70.spt" (output)
opened "/fs/ccplus/data/g3/6g31/socket/6g31.pdb.70.long.socket" (output)
Found beginning of residue data





































There are 2482 alpha-helical residues in this structure

chain A starts at residue    5, iCode=' '
chain B starts at residue    6, iCode=' '
chain C starts at residue    4, iCode=' '
chain D starts at residue    6, iCode=' '
chain E starts at residue    5, iCode=' '
chain F starts at residue    6, iCode=' '
chain G starts at residue    3, iCode=' '
chain H starts at residue    6, iCode=' '
chain I starts at residue    5, iCode=' '
chain J starts at residue    6, iCode=' '
chain K starts at residue    5, iCode=' '
chain L starts at residue    6, iCode=' '
residue 2 (ARG 10:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 20 (ARG 10A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 8 (LYS 17:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 69 (LYS 17A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 14 (ARG 28:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 118 (ARG 28A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 15 (THR 29:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 123 (THR 29A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 16 (LYS 30:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 128 (LYS 30A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 18 (SER 32:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 141 (SER 32A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 19 (GLN 33:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 146 (GLN 33A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 21 (PHE 35:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 156 (PHE 35A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 24 (TRP 38:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 179 (TRP 38A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 25 (LEU 39:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 184 (LEU 39A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 26 (GLU 43:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 189 (GLU 43A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 27 (ASP 44:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 194 (ASP 44A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 28 (LYS 45:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 199 (LYS 45A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 30 (GLN 47:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 212 (GLN 47A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 34 (GLU 51:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 241 (GLU 51A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 74 (VAL 103:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 555 (VAL 103A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 77 (LYS 113:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 572 (LYS 113A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 81 (ARG 117:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 603 (ARG 117A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 85 (GLU 121:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 633 (GLU 121A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 122 (GLN 164:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 924 (GLN 164A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 123 (LEU 165:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 930 (LEU 165A iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 124 (LYS 174:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 935 (LYS 174A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 126 (LEU 176:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 947 (LEU 176A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 130 (LEU 180:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 975 (LEU 180A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 134 (PHE 184:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1003 (PHE 184A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 137 (ARG 187:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1025 (ARG 187A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 143 (LEU 193:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1076 (LEU 193A iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 144 (GLU 206:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1081 (GLU 206A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 148 (GLU 210:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1109 (GLU 210A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 166 (ILE 241:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1261 (ILE 241A iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 170 (LYS 245:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1291 (LYS 245A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 178 (ASP 253:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1360 (ASP 253A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 182 (GLU 258:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1389 (GLU 258A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 186 (ASN 262:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1424 (ASN 262A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 189 (LYS 265:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1444 (LYS 265A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 190 (GLU 266:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1449 (GLU 266A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 197 (LYS 273:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1502 (LYS 273A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 202 (GLU 283:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1539 (GLU 283A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 204 (VAL 285:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1552 (VAL 285A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 208 (LYS 289:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1577 (LYS 289A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 210 (LEU 291:A iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1592 (LEU 291A iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 214 (ARG 10:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1619 (ARG 10B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 220 (LYS 17:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1668 (LYS 17B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 224 (GLN 21:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1701 (GLN 21B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 226 (ARG 28:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1713 (ARG 28B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 227 (THR 29:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1718 (THR 29B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 228 (LYS 30:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1723 (LYS 30B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 229 (LEU 31:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1728 (LEU 31B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 230 (SER 32:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1733 (SER 32B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 234 (LEU 39:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1770 (LEU 39B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 235 (GLU 43:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1775 (GLU 43B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 237 (LYS 45:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1788 (LYS 45B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 239 (GLN 47:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1801 (GLN 47B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 243 (GLU 51:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1830 (GLU 51B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 246 (GLU 54:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 1849 (GLU 54B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 281 (GLU 101:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2122 (GLU 101B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 282 (LYS 102:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2129 (LYS 102B iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 286 (LYS 113:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2153 (LYS 113B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 313 (LYS 145:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2389 (LYS 145B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 319 (LYS 151:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2432 (LYS 151B iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 329 (LEU 162:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2493 (LEU 162B iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 332 (LEU 165:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2516 (LEU 165B iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 333 (LYS 174:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2521 (LYS 174B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 335 (LEU 176:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2534 (LEU 176B iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 346 (ARG 187:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2621 (ARG 187B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 354 (GLU 206:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2689 (GLU 206B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 358 (GLU 210:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2717 (GLU 210B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 379 (LYS 244:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2894 (LYS 244B iCode=' '  CE ) as end atom for this residue
residue 380 (LYS 245:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2899 (LYS 245B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 386 (LEU 251:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2951 (LEU 251B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 387 (GLU 252:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2957 (GLU 252B iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 391 (GLU 258:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 2987 (GLU 258B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 398 (LYS 265:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3047 (LYS 265B iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 399 (GLU 266:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3052 (GLU 266B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 403 (LYS 270:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3081 (LYS 270B iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 406 (LYS 273:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3103 (LYS 273B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 412 (GLU 283:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3145 (GLU 283B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 418 (LYS 289:B iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3185 (LYS 289B iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 424 (ARG 10:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3230 (ARG 10C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 425 (ILE 11:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3237 (ILE 11C iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 430 (LYS 17:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3279 (LYS 17C iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 434 (ARG 28:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3311 (ARG 28C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 435 (THR 29:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3316 (THR 29C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 436 (LYS 30:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3321 (LYS 30C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 437 (LEU 31:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3326 (LEU 31C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 438 (SER 32:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3331 (SER 32C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 439 (GLN 33:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3336 (GLN 33C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 441 (PHE 35:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3346 (PHE 35C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 446 (GLU 43:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3391 (GLU 43C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 448 (LYS 45:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3404 (LYS 45C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 450 (GLN 47:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3417 (GLN 47C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 454 (GLU 51:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3446 (GLU 51C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 495 (GLN 109:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3767 (GLN 109C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 498 (VAL 112:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3785 (VAL 112C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 499 (LYS 113:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3790 (LYS 113C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 500 (LEU 114:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3796 (LEU 114C iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 503 (ARG 117:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3819 (ARG 117C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 507 (GLU 121:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 3849 (GLU 121C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 526 (LYS 145:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4014 (LYS 145C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 545 (GLN 164:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4143 (GLN 164C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 547 (LYS 174:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4156 (LYS 174C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 553 (LEU 180:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4199 (LEU 180C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 560 (ARG 187:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4255 (ARG 187C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 561 (TYR 188:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4260 (TYR 188C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 566 (LEU 193:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4299 (LEU 193C iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 567 (HIS 194:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4304 (HIS 194C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 585 (ILE 241:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4456 (ILE 241C iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 589 (LYS 245:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4486 (LYS 245C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 596 (GLU 252:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4546 (GLU 252C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 597 (ASP 253:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4551 (ASP 253C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 601 (GLU 258:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4580 (GLU 258C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 605 (ASN 262:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4615 (ASN 262C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 608 (LYS 265:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4635 (LYS 265C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 609 (GLU 266:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4640 (GLU 266C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 613 (LYS 270:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4669 (LYS 270C iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 616 (LYS 273:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4691 (LYS 273C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 618 (ILE 275:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4705 (ILE 275C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 621 (ARG 278:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4723 (ARG 278C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 623 (GLU 283:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4735 (GLU 283C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 629 (LYS 289:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4775 (LYS 289C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 631 (LEU 291:C iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4790 (LEU 291C iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 634 (GLN 9:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4808 (GLN 9D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 635 (ARG 10:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4813 (ARG 10D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 637 (LEU 12:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4827 (LEU 12D iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 642 (LYS 17:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4868 (LYS 17D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 646 (GLN 21:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4901 (GLN 21D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 647 (LEU 31:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4906 (LEU 31D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 648 (SER 32:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4911 (SER 32D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 649 (GLN 33:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4916 (GLN 33D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 651 (PHE 35:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4926 (PHE 35D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 652 (ASN 36:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4931 (ASN 36D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 655 (LEU 39:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4960 (LEU 39D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 656 (GLU 43:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4965 (GLU 43D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 657 (ASP 44:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4970 (ASP 44D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 658 (LYS 45:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4975 (LYS 45D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 660 (GLN 47:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 4988 (GLN 47D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 662 (ILE 49:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5001 (ILE 49D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 664 (GLU 51:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5014 (GLU 51D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 665 (VAL 52:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5019 (VAL 52D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 667 (GLU 54:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5031 (GLU 54D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 693 (SER 91:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5231 (SER 91D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 704 (LYS 102:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5322 (LYS 102D iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 707 (GLN 109:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5343 (GLN 109D iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 711 (LYS 113:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5368 (LYS 113D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 715 (ARG 117:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5399 (ARG 117D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 719 (GLU 121:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5429 (GLU 121D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 744 (LYS 151:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5641 (LYS 151D iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 757 (GLN 164:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5724 (GLN 164D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 759 (LYS 174:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5737 (LYS 174D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 761 (LEU 176:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5749 (LEU 176D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 765 (LEU 180:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5777 (LEU 180D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 772 (ARG 187:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5833 (ARG 187D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 773 (TYR 188:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5838 (TYR 188D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 779 (GLU 206:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5884 (GLU 206D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 783 (GLU 210:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 5912 (GLU 210D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 802 (ASP 242:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6070 (ASP 242D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 804 (LYS 244:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6086 (LYS 244D iCode=' '  CE ) as end atom for this residue
residue 805 (LYS 245:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6091 (LYS 245D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 812 (GLU 252:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6151 (GLU 252D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 816 (GLU 258:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6181 (GLU 258D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 819 (ARG 261:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6205 (ARG 261D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 820 (ASN 262:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6210 (ASN 262D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 822 (LEU 264:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6222 (LEU 264D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 823 (LYS 265:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6227 (LYS 265D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 824 (GLU 266:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6232 (GLU 266D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 828 (LYS 270:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6261 (LYS 270D iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 830 (TYR 272:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6271 (TYR 272D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 831 (LYS 273:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6276 (LYS 273D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 836 (GLU 283:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6311 (GLU 283D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 837 (LEU 284:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6317 (LEU 284D iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 842 (LYS 289:D iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6349 (LYS 289D iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 846 (GLN 9:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6379 (GLN 9E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 847 (ARG 10:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6384 (ARG 10E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 848 (ILE 11:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6391 (ILE 11E iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 854 (LYS 17:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6440 (LYS 17E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 857 (LEU 20:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6466 (LEU 20E iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 858 (GLN 21:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6471 (GLN 21E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 859 (GLN 47:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6476 (GLN 47E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 860 (ILE 48:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6481 (ILE 48E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 863 (GLU 51:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6502 (GLU 51E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 866 (GLU 54:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6521 (GLU 54E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 872 (SER 60:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6565 (SER 60E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 879 (GLU 67:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6618 (GLU 67E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 903 (VAL 103:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6807 (VAL 103E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 904 (GLN 109:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6812 (GLN 109E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 905 (ASP 110:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6817 (ASP 110E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 908 (LYS 113:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6834 (LYS 113E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 909 (LEU 114:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6839 (LEU 114E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 912 (ARG 117:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6862 (ARG 117E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 915 (LEU 120:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6884 (LEU 120E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 916 (GLU 121:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6889 (GLU 121E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 917 (LEU 122:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6894 (LEU 122E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 919 (GLN 124:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6909 (GLN 124E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 921 (GLN 126:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6918 (GLN 126E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 923 (LEU 128:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6927 (LEU 128E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 928 (ARG 133:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6974 (ARG 133E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 929 (ASP 134:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6979 (ASP 134E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 930 (ASN 135:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6984 (ASN 135E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 931 (GLU 141:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6989 (GLU 141E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 932 (GLU 142:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6994 (GLU 142E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 933 (GLU 143:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 6999 (GLU 143E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 935 (LYS 145:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7016 (LYS 145E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 937 (MET 147:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7026 (MET 147E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 939 (LEU 149:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7038 (LEU 149E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 941 (LYS 151:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7052 (LYS 151E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 945 (PHE 156:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7073 (PHE 156E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 947 (LEU 158:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7082 (LEU 158E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 949 (VAL 160:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7092 (VAL 160E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 951 (LEU 162:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7101 (LEU 162E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 952 (MET 163:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7106 (MET 163E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 953 (GLN 164:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7111 (GLN 164E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 954 (GLN 185:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7116 (GLN 185E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 955 (ILE 186:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7121 (ILE 186E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 956 (ARG 187:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7126 (ARG 187E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 957 (TYR 188:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7131 (TYR 188E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 959 (TYR 190:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7144 (TYR 190E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 962 (GLU 206:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7162 (GLU 206E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 963 (ASP 207:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7167 (ASP 207E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 964 (LEU 208:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7172 (LEU 208E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 965 (THR 209:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7177 (THR 209E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 966 (GLU 210:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7182 (GLU 210E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 970 (ILE 218:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7212 (ILE 218E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 971 (HIS 219:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7217 (HIS 219E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 973 (ILE 221:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7227 (ILE 221E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 975 (SER 223:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7246 (SER 223E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 976 (GLN 229:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7251 (GLN 229E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 977 (VAL 230:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7256 (VAL 230E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 978 (GLN 231:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7261 (GLN 231E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 979 (ASN 232:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7266 (ASN 232E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 980 (ILE 233:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7271 (ILE 233E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 982 (ARG 235:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7284 (ARG 235E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 983 (GLN 236:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7289 (GLN 236E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 984 (ILE 241:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7294 (ILE 241E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 985 (ASP 242:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7299 (ASP 242E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 986 (ILE 243:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7304 (ILE 243E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 987 (LYS 244:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7309 (LYS 244E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 988 (LYS 245:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7314 (LYS 245E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 989 (TYR 246:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7319 (TYR 246E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 990 (CYS 247:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7324 (CYS 247E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 991 (VAL 248:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7329 (VAL 248E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 992 (HIS 249:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7334 (HIS 249E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 993 (GLU 283:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7339 (GLU 283E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 994 (LEU 284:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7344 (LEU 284E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 995 (VAL 285:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7349 (VAL 285E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 997 (LEU 287:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7359 (LEU 287E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 998 (VAL 288:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7364 (VAL 288E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 999 (LYS 289:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7369 (LYS 289E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1000 (HIS 290:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7374 (HIS 290E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1001 (LEU 291:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7379 (LEU 291E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1002 (SER 292:E iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7384 (SER 292E iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1003 (VAL 8:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7389 (VAL 8F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1004 (GLN 9:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7394 (GLN 9F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1005 (ARG 10:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7399 (ARG 10F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1006 (ILE 11:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7404 (ILE 11F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1011 (LYS 17:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7445 (LYS 17F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1014 (LEU 20:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7470 (LEU 20F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1015 (GLN 21:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7475 (GLN 21F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1017 (ARG 28:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7487 (ARG 28F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1018 (THR 29:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7492 (THR 29F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1019 (LYS 30:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7497 (LYS 30F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1020 (LEU 31:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7502 (LEU 31F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1021 (SER 32:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7507 (SER 32F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1022 (GLN 33:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7512 (GLN 33F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1028 (LEU 39:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7565 (LEU 39F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1029 (GLU 43:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7570 (GLU 43F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1030 (ASP 44:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7575 (ASP 44F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1032 (LEU 46:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7590 (LEU 46F iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1033 (GLN 47:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7595 (GLN 47F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1034 (ILE 48:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7600 (ILE 48F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1035 (ILE 49:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7607 (ILE 49F iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1036 (ILE 50:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7612 (ILE 50F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1037 (GLU 51:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7617 (GLU 51F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1040 (GLU 54:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7636 (GLU 54F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1076 (LYS 102:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7918 (LYS 102F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1078 (GLN 109:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7930 (GLN 109F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1082 (LYS 113:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7955 (LYS 113F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1083 (LEU 114:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7961 (LEU 114F iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1086 (ARG 117:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 7984 (ARG 117F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1115 (LYS 151:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8229 (LYS 151F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1128 (GLN 164:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8312 (GLN 164F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1129 (LEU 165:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8317 (LEU 165F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1130 (LYS 174:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8322 (LYS 174F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1143 (ARG 187:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8424 (ARG 187F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1150 (GLU 206:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8482 (GLU 206F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1154 (GLU 210:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8510 (GLU 210F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1170 (ARG 235:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8640 (ARG 235F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1175 (LYS 244:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8679 (LYS 244F iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1176 (LYS 245:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8684 (LYS 245F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1179 (VAL 248:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8707 (VAL 248F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1182 (LEU 251:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8734 (LEU 251F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1183 (GLU 252:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8739 (GLU 252F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1188 (GLU 258:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8776 (GLU 258F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1191 (ARG 261:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8800 (ARG 261F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1195 (LYS 265:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8828 (LYS 265F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1196 (GLU 266:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8833 (GLU 266F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1200 (LYS 270:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8861 (LYS 270F iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1203 (LYS 273:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8883 (LYS 273F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1207 (GLU 283:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8913 (GLU 283F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1208 (LEU 284:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8919 (LEU 284F iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1209 (VAL 285:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8924 (VAL 285F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1213 (LYS 289:F iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8949 (LYS 289F iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1219 (ARG 10:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 8994 (ARG 10G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1220 (ILE 11:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9001 (ILE 11G iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1226 (LYS 17:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9050 (LYS 17G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1231 (VAL 27:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9092 (VAL 27G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1232 (ARG 28:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9097 (ARG 28G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1233 (THR 29:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9102 (THR 29G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1234 (LYS 30:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9107 (LYS 30G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1235 (LEU 31:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9112 (LEU 31G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1236 (SER 32:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9117 (SER 32G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1237 (GLN 33:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9122 (GLN 33G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1239 (PHE 35:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9132 (PHE 35G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1240 (ASN 36:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9137 (ASN 36G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1241 (HIS 37:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9142 (HIS 37G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1243 (LEU 39:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9161 (LEU 39G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1244 (GLU 43:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9166 (GLU 43G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1245 (ASP 44:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9171 (ASP 44G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1246 (LYS 45:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9176 (LYS 45G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1247 (LEU 46:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9181 (LEU 46G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1248 (GLN 47:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9186 (GLN 47G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1252 (GLU 51:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9215 (GLU 51G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1262 (LEU 61:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9288 (LEU 61G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1268 (GLU 67:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9333 (GLU 67G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1281 (SER 91:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9431 (SER 91G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1290 (LEU 100:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9504 (LEU 100G iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1292 (LYS 102:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9518 (LYS 102G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1296 (LYS 113:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9542 (LYS 113G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1300 (ARG 117:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9573 (ARG 117G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1304 (GLU 121:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9603 (GLU 121G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1305 (LEU 122:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9608 (LEU 122G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1307 (GLN 124:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9623 (GLN 124G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1311 (LEU 128:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9645 (LEU 128G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1312 (ASP 129:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9650 (ASP 129G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1316 (ARG 133:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9689 (ARG 133G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1319 (GLU 141:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9710 (GLU 141G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1320 (GLU 142:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9715 (GLU 142G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1321 (GLU 143:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9720 (GLU 143G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1323 (LYS 145:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9737 (LYS 145G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1326 (VAL 148:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9755 (VAL 148G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1327 (LEU 149:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9760 (LEU 149G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1328 (GLN 150:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9765 (GLN 150G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1330 (THR 152:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9779 (THR 152G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1333 (LEU 155:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9792 (LEU 155G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1338 (VAL 160:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9825 (VAL 160G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1340 (LEU 162:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9834 (LEU 162G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1342 (GLN 164:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9847 (GLN 164G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1344 (LEU 177:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9860 (LEU 177G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1346 (THR 179:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9873 (THR 179G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1347 (LEU 180:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9878 (LEU 180G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1349 (LEU 182:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9887 (LEU 182G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1351 (PHE 184:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9903 (PHE 184G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1353 (ILE 186:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9917 (ILE 186G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1354 (ARG 187:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9922 (ARG 187G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1360 (LEU 193:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9972 (LEU 193G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1361 (GLU 206:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 9977 (GLU 206G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1365 (GLU 210:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10005 (GLU 210G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1368 (THR 217:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10028 (THR 217G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1369 (ILE 218:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10033 (ILE 218G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1372 (ILE 221:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10053 (ILE 221G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1375 (GLN 229:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10078 (GLN 229G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1376 (VAL 230:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10083 (VAL 230G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1381 (ARG 235:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10121 (ARG 235G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1383 (ILE 241:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10135 (ILE 241G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1386 (LYS 244:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10156 (LYS 244G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1387 (LYS 245:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10161 (LYS 245G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1389 (CYS 247:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10178 (CYS 247G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1390 (VAL 248:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10183 (VAL 248G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1391 (HIS 249:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10188 (HIS 249G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1392 (TYR 250:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10193 (TYR 250G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1393 (LEU 251:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10198 (LEU 251G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1394 (GLU 252:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10203 (GLU 252G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1395 (ASP 253:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10208 (ASP 253G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1396 (VAL 254:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10213 (VAL 254G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1397 (SER 256:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10218 (SER 256G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1399 (GLU 258:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10234 (GLU 258G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1402 (ARG 261:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10258 (ARG 261G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1403 (ASN 262:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10263 (ASN 262G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1405 (LEU 264:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10275 (LEU 264G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1406 (LYS 265:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10280 (LYS 265G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1407 (GLU 266:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10285 (GLU 266G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1408 (LEU 267:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10290 (LEU 267G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1411 (LYS 270:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10309 (LYS 270G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1414 (LYS 273:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10331 (LYS 273G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1415 (GLN 274:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10336 (GLN 274G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1416 (ILE 275:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10341 (ILE 275G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1417 (ASP 276:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10346 (ASP 276G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1419 (ARG 278:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10356 (ARG 278G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1421 (GLU 283:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10368 (GLU 283G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1422 (LEU 284:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10373 (LEU 284G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1423 (VAL 285:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10378 (VAL 285G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1425 (LEU 287:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10388 (LEU 287G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1426 (VAL 288:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10393 (VAL 288G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1427 (LYS 289:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10398 (LYS 289G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1428 (HIS 290:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10403 (HIS 290G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1429 (LEU 291:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10408 (LEU 291G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1430 (SER 292:G iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10413 (SER 292G iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1431 (ARG 10:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10418 (ARG 10H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1432 (ILE 11:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10423 (ILE 11H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1433 (LEU 12:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10429 (LEU 12H iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1435 (GLU 14:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10442 (GLU 14H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1438 (LYS 17:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10466 (LYS 17H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1440 (LEU 19:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10484 (LEU 19H iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1441 (LEU 20:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10489 (LEU 20H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1442 (GLN 21:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10494 (GLN 21H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1443 (THR 29:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10499 (THR 29H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1444 (LYS 30:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10504 (LYS 30H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1445 (LEU 31:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10509 (LEU 31H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1446 (SER 32:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10514 (SER 32H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1447 (GLN 33:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10519 (GLN 33H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1449 (PHE 35:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10529 (PHE 35H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1453 (LEU 39:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10566 (LEU 39H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1454 (GLU 43:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10571 (GLU 43H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1457 (LEU 46:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10594 (LEU 46H iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1458 (GLN 47:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10599 (GLN 47H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1460 (ILE 49:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10612 (ILE 49H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1461 (ILE 50:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10617 (ILE 50H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1462 (GLU 51:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10622 (GLU 51H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1463 (VAL 52:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10627 (VAL 52H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1465 (GLU 54:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10639 (GLU 54H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1471 (SER 60:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10683 (SER 60H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1478 (GLU 67:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10736 (GLU 67H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1483 (ILE 82:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10772 (ILE 82H iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1487 (SER 87:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10804 (SER 87H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1489 (ILE 89:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10818 (ILE 89H iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1491 (SER 91:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10831 (SER 91H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1495 (VAL 95:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10861 (VAL 95H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1500 (LEU 100:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10901 (LEU 100H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1502 (LYS 102:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10915 (LYS 102H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1504 (GLN 109:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10927 (GLN 109H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1508 (LYS 113:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 10952 (LYS 113H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1525 (ILE 130:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11090 (ILE 130H iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1540 (LYS 151:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11225 (LYS 151H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1544 (LEU 155:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11246 (LEU 155H iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1553 (GLN 164:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11306 (GLN 164H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1555 (LYS 174:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11319 (LYS 174H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1568 (ARG 187:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11421 (ARG 187H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1575 (GLU 206:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11479 (GLU 206H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1579 (GLU 210:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11507 (GLU 210H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1595 (ARG 235:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11637 (ARG 235H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1600 (LYS 244:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11677 (LYS 244H iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1601 (LYS 245:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11682 (LYS 245H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1607 (LEU 251:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11734 (LEU 251H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1608 (GLU 252:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11740 (GLU 252H iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1612 (GLU 258:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11770 (GLU 258H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1615 (ARG 261:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11794 (ARG 261H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1619 (LYS 265:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11823 (LYS 265H iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1622 (GLU 268:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11846 (GLU 268H iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1624 (LYS 270:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11856 (LYS 270H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1627 (LYS 273:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11879 (LYS 273H iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1628 (GLN 274:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11884 (GLN 274H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1629 (ILE 275:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11889 (ILE 275H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1632 (ARG 278:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11907 (ARG 278H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1634 (GLU 283:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11919 (GLU 283H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1635 (LEU 284:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11924 (LEU 284H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1636 (VAL 285:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11929 (VAL 285H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1639 (VAL 288:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11947 (VAL 288H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1640 (LYS 289:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11952 (LYS 289H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1643 (SER 292:H iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11975 (SER 292H iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1646 (ARG 10:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 11996 (ARG 10I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1647 (ILE 11:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12003 (ILE 11I iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1649 (GLU 14:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12016 (GLU 14I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1652 (LYS 17:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12042 (LYS 17I iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1654 (LEU 19:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12060 (LEU 19I iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1656 (GLN 21:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12073 (GLN 21I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1657 (VAL 27:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12078 (VAL 27I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1658 (ARG 28:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12083 (ARG 28I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1659 (THR 29:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12088 (THR 29I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1660 (LYS 30:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12093 (LYS 30I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1661 (LEU 31:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12098 (LEU 31I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1662 (SER 32:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12103 (SER 32I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1663 (GLN 33:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12108 (GLN 33I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1665 (ASN 36:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12118 (ASN 36I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1668 (LEU 39:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12147 (LEU 39I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1669 (GLU 43:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12152 (GLU 43I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1670 (ASP 44:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12157 (ASP 44I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1671 (LYS 45:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12162 (LYS 45I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1672 (LEU 46:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12167 (LEU 46I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1673 (GLN 47:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12172 (GLN 47I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1674 (ILE 48:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12179 (ILE 48I iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1675 (ILE 49:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12184 (ILE 49I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1676 (ILE 50:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12189 (ILE 50I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1677 (GLU 51:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12194 (GLU 51I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1680 (GLU 54:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12213 (GLU 54I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1682 (LEU 56:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12226 (LEU 56I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1686 (SER 60:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12254 (SER 60I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1693 (GLU 67:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12307 (GLU 67I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1697 (SER 81:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12335 (SER 81I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1704 (ILE 89:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12390 (ILE 89I iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1706 (SER 91:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12403 (SER 91I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1720 (VAL 112:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12513 (VAL 112I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1721 (LYS 113:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12518 (LYS 113I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1722 (LEU 114:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12523 (LEU 114I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1725 (ARG 117:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12546 (ARG 117I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1729 (GLU 121:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12576 (GLU 121I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1732 (GLN 124:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12599 (GLN 124I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1734 (GLN 126:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12608 (GLN 126I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1736 (LEU 128:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12617 (LEU 128I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1738 (ILE 130:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12630 (ILE 130I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1741 (ARG 133:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12661 (ARG 133I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1744 (GLU 141:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12682 (GLU 141I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1745 (GLU 142:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12687 (GLU 142I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1748 (LYS 145:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12713 (LYS 145I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1752 (LEU 149:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12738 (LEU 149I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1753 (GLN 150:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12743 (GLN 150I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1758 (LEU 155:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12772 (LEU 155I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1763 (VAL 160:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12804 (VAL 160I iCode=' '  O  ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1765 (LEU 162:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12813 (LEU 162I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1767 (GLN 164:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12826 (GLN 164I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1768 (LEU 165:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12831 (LEU 165I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1769 (LYS 174:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12836 (LYS 174I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1771 (LEU 176:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12848 (LEU 176I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1772 (LEU 177:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12854 (LEU 177I iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1773 (ASN 178:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12859 (ASN 178I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1774 (THR 179:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12864 (THR 179I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1775 (LEU 180:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12869 (LEU 180I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1777 (LEU 182:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12878 (LEU 182I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1779 (PHE 184:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12894 (PHE 184I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1782 (ARG 187:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12916 (ARG 187I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1783 (TYR 188:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12921 (TYR 188I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1785 (TYR 190:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12934 (TYR 190I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1786 (GLU 206:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12939 (GLU 206I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1788 (LEU 208:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12952 (LEU 208I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1790 (GLU 210:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12964 (GLU 210I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1791 (PHE 215:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12969 (PHE 215I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1793 (THR 217:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12981 (THR 217I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1794 (ILE 218:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 12986 (ILE 218I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1799 (SER 223:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13028 (SER 223I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1800 (GLN 231:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13033 (GLN 231I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1801 (ASN 232:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13038 (ASN 232I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1802 (ILE 233:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13043 (ILE 233I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1803 (LEU 234:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13048 (LEU 234I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1804 (ARG 235:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13053 (ARG 235I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1805 (GLN 236:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13058 (GLN 236I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1806 (ILE 241:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13063 (ILE 241I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1807 (ASP 242:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13068 (ASP 242I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1808 (ILE 243:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13073 (ILE 243I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1809 (LYS 244:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13078 (LYS 244I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1810 (LYS 245:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13083 (LYS 245I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1811 (TYR 246:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13088 (TYR 246I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1813 (VAL 248:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13099 (VAL 248I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1814 (HIS 249:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13104 (HIS 249I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1817 (GLU 252:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13129 (GLU 252I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1818 (ASP 253:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13134 (ASP 253I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1819 (VAL 254:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13139 (VAL 254I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1821 (PHE 257:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13150 (PHE 257I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1822 (GLU 258:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13155 (GLU 258I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1823 (TYR 259:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13160 (TYR 259I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1824 (THR 260:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13165 (THR 260I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1825 (ARG 261:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13170 (ARG 261I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1826 (ASN 262:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13175 (ASN 262I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1827 (THR 263:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13180 (THR 263I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1828 (LEU 264:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13185 (LEU 264I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1829 (LYS 265:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13190 (LYS 265I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1830 (GLU 266:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13195 (GLU 266I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1831 (LEU 267:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13200 (LEU 267I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1832 (GLU 268:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13205 (GLU 268I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1834 (LYS 270:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13215 (LYS 270I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1837 (LYS 273:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13237 (LYS 273I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1838 (GLN 274:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13242 (GLN 274I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1839 (ILE 275:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13247 (ILE 275I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1840 (GLU 283:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13252 (GLU 283I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1841 (LEU 284:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13257 (LEU 284I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1842 (VAL 285:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13262 (VAL 285I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1844 (LEU 287:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13272 (LEU 287I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1845 (VAL 288:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13277 (VAL 288I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1846 (LYS 289:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13282 (LYS 289I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1847 (HIS 290:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13287 (HIS 290I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1848 (LEU 291:I iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13292 (LEU 291I iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1850 (GLN 9:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13305 (GLN 9J iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1851 (ARG 10:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13310 (ARG 10J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1852 (ILE 11:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13316 (ILE 11J iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1853 (LEU 12:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13322 (LEU 12J iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1854 (GLU 14:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13327 (GLU 14J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1857 (LYS 17:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13351 (LYS 17J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1861 (GLN 21:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13384 (GLN 21J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1862 (VAL 27:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13389 (VAL 27J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1863 (ARG 28:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13394 (ARG 28J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1864 (THR 29:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13399 (THR 29J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1865 (LYS 30:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13404 (LYS 30J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1866 (LEU 31:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13409 (LEU 31J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1867 (SER 32:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13414 (SER 32J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1868 (GLN 33:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13419 (GLN 33J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1870 (PHE 35:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13429 (PHE 35J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1874 (LEU 39:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13466 (LEU 39J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1875 (GLU 43:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13471 (GLU 43J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1876 (ASP 44:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13476 (ASP 44J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1877 (LYS 45:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13483 (LYS 45J iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1879 (GLN 47:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13496 (GLN 47J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1880 (ILE 48:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13501 (ILE 48J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1883 (GLU 51:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13522 (GLU 51J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1884 (VAL 52:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13527 (VAL 52J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1886 (GLU 54:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13539 (GLU 54J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1906 (ILE 85:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13697 (ILE 85J iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1908 (SER 87:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13709 (SER 87J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1910 (ILE 89:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13723 (ILE 89J iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 1912 (SER 91:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13736 (SER 91J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1923 (LYS 102:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13826 (LYS 102J iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1926 (GLN 109:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13846 (GLN 109J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1930 (LYS 113:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13871 (LYS 113J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1934 (ARG 117:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 13902 (ARG 117J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1954 (GLU 142:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14071 (GLU 142J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1961 (LEU 149:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14127 (LEU 149J iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1963 (LYS 151:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14141 (LYS 151J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1968 (PHE 156:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14169 (PHE 156J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1976 (GLN 164:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14218 (GLN 164J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1977 (LEU 165:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14224 (LEU 165J iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1978 (LYS 174:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14229 (LYS 174J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1980 (LEU 176:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14241 (LEU 176J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1986 (LEU 182:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14281 (LEU 182J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1991 (ARG 187:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14325 (ARG 187J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1992 (TYR 188:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14330 (TYR 188J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 1999 (GLU 206:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14386 (GLU 206J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2024 (LYS 244:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14595 (LYS 244J iCode=' '  CE ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2025 (LYS 245:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14600 (LYS 245J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2031 (LEU 251:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14652 (LEU 251J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2032 (GLU 252:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14658 (GLU 252J iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2033 (ASP 253:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14663 (ASP 253J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2037 (GLU 258:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14692 (GLU 258J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2043 (LEU 264:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14743 (LEU 264J iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2044 (LYS 265:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14748 (LYS 265J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2045 (GLU 266:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14753 (GLU 266J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2051 (TYR 272:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14794 (TYR 272J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2052 (LYS 273:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14800 (LYS 273J iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2058 (GLU 283:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14842 (GLU 283J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2064 (LYS 289:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14882 (LYS 289J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2065 (HIS 290:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14887 (HIS 290J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2067 (SER 292:J iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14900 (SER 292J iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2070 (ARG 10:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14921 (ARG 10K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2071 (ILE 11:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14928 (ILE 11K iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 2076 (LYS 17:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 14969 (LYS 17K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2080 (GLN 21:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15002 (GLN 21K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2082 (ARG 28:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15014 (ARG 28K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2083 (THR 29:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15019 (THR 29K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2084 (LYS 30:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15024 (LYS 30K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2085 (LEU 31:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15029 (LEU 31K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2086 (SER 32:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15034 (SER 32K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2087 (GLN 33:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15039 (GLN 33K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2090 (ASN 36:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15060 (ASN 36K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2091 (HIS 37:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15065 (HIS 37K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2093 (LEU 39:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15084 (LEU 39K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2094 (GLU 43:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15089 (GLU 43K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2095 (ASP 44:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15094 (ASP 44K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2096 (LYS 45:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15100 (LYS 45K iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2097 (LEU 46:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15105 (LEU 46K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2098 (GLN 47:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15110 (GLN 47K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2099 (ILE 48:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15115 (ILE 48K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2102 (GLU 51:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15136 (GLU 51K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2105 (GLU 54:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15155 (GLU 54K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2107 (LEU 56:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15168 (LEU 56K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2111 (SER 60:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15196 (SER 60K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2112 (LEU 61:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15201 (LEU 61K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2128 (ILE 89:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15326 (ILE 89K iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 2134 (VAL 95:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15370 (VAL 95K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2143 (LEU 104:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15443 (LEU 104K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2146 (LYS 113:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15460 (LYS 113K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2147 (LEU 114:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15465 (LEU 114K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2150 (ARG 117:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15488 (ARG 117K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2151 (GLN 118:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15493 (GLN 118K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2153 (LEU 120:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15506 (LEU 120K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2154 (GLU 121:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15511 (GLU 121K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2155 (LEU 122:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15517 (LEU 122K iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2156 (HIS 123:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15522 (HIS 123K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2161 (LEU 128:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15553 (LEU 128K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2163 (ILE 130:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15566 (ILE 130K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2166 (ARG 133:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15597 (ARG 133K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2169 (GLU 141:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15618 (GLU 141K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2170 (GLU 142:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15623 (GLU 142K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2173 (LYS 145:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15649 (LYS 145K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2176 (VAL 148:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15667 (VAL 148K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2177 (LEU 149:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15672 (LEU 149K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2179 (LYS 151:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15686 (LYS 151K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2182 (LEU 155:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15699 (LEU 155K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2185 (LEU 158:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15719 (LEU 158K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2187 (VAL 160:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15729 (VAL 160K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2189 (LEU 162:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15738 (LEU 162K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2190 (MET 163:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15743 (MET 163K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2191 (GLN 164:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15748 (GLN 164K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2192 (LEU 165:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15753 (LEU 165K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2193 (LEU 176:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15759 (LEU 176K iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2194 (LEU 177:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15764 (LEU 177K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2195 (ASN 178:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15769 (ASN 178K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2196 (THR 179:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15774 (THR 179K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2197 (LEU 180:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15779 (LEU 180K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2199 (LEU 182:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15788 (LEU 182K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2200 (PHE 183:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15793 (PHE 183K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2201 (PHE 184:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15798 (PHE 184K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2202 (GLN 185:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15803 (GLN 185K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2204 (ARG 187:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15816 (ARG 187K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2205 (TYR 188:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15821 (TYR 188K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2210 (LEU 193:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15859 (LEU 193K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2211 (GLU 206:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15864 (GLU 206K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2213 (LEU 208:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15877 (LEU 208K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2215 (GLU 210:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15889 (GLU 210K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2216 (PHE 215:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15894 (PHE 215K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2218 (THR 217:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15906 (THR 217K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2219 (ILE 218:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15911 (ILE 218K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2222 (ILE 221:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15931 (ILE 221K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2225 (VAL 230:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15956 (VAL 230K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2226 (GLN 231:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15961 (GLN 231K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2227 (ASN 232:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15966 (ASN 232K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2228 (ILE 233:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15973 (ILE 233K iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 2229 (LEU 234:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15978 (LEU 234K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2230 (ARG 235:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15983 (ARG 235K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2231 (GLN 236:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15988 (GLN 236K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2232 (ILE 241:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 15993 (ILE 241K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2235 (LYS 244:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16014 (LYS 244K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2236 (LYS 245:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16019 (LYS 245K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2237 (TYR 246:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16024 (TYR 246K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2238 (CYS 247:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16029 (CYS 247K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2239 (VAL 248:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16034 (VAL 248K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2240 (HIS 249:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16039 (HIS 249K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2241 (TYR 250:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16044 (TYR 250K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2242 (LEU 251:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16049 (LEU 251K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2243 (GLU 252:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16054 (GLU 252K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2244 (ASP 253:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16059 (ASP 253K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2245 (THR 260:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16064 (THR 260K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2246 (ARG 261:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16069 (ARG 261K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2247 (ASN 262:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16074 (ASN 262K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2248 (THR 263:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16079 (THR 263K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2249 (LEU 264:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16084 (LEU 264K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2250 (LYS 265:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16089 (LYS 265K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2251 (GLU 266:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16094 (GLU 266K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2252 (LEU 267:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16099 (LEU 267K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2253 (GLU 268:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16104 (GLU 268K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2255 (LYS 270:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16114 (LYS 270K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2257 (TYR 272:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16124 (TYR 272K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2258 (LYS 273:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16129 (LYS 273K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2259 (GLU 283:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16134 (GLU 283K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2260 (LEU 284:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16139 (LEU 284K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2261 (VAL 285:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16144 (VAL 285K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2263 (LEU 287:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16154 (LEU 287K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2264 (VAL 288:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16159 (VAL 288K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2265 (LYS 289:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16164 (LYS 289K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2266 (HIS 290:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16169 (HIS 290K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2267 (LEU 291:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16174 (LEU 291K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2268 (SER 292:K iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16179 (SER 292K iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2271 (ARG 10:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16200 (ARG 10L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2272 (ILE 11:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16207 (ILE 11L iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 2274 (GLU 14:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16220 (GLU 14L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2277 (LYS 17:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16244 (LYS 17L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2279 (LEU 19:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16261 (LEU 19L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2280 (LEU 20:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16266 (LEU 20L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2281 (GLN 21:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16271 (GLN 21L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2283 (ARG 28:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16283 (ARG 28L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2284 (THR 29:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16288 (THR 29L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2285 (LYS 30:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16293 (LYS 30L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2286 (LEU 31:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16298 (LEU 31L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2287 (SER 32:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16303 (SER 32L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2288 (GLN 33:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16308 (GLN 33L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2291 (HIS 37:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16326 (HIS 37L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2293 (LEU 39:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16345 (LEU 39L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2294 (GLU 43:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16350 (GLU 43L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2295 (ASP 44:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16355 (ASP 44L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2297 (LEU 46:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16370 (LEU 46L iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2298 (GLN 47:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16375 (GLN 47L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2301 (ILE 50:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16396 (ILE 50L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2302 (GLU 51:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16401 (GLU 51L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2303 (VAL 52:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16406 (VAL 52L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2305 (GLU 54:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16418 (GLU 54L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2323 (ILE 82:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16554 (ILE 82L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2329 (VAL 88:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16596 (VAL 88L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2330 (ILE 89:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16601 (ILE 89L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2337 (TYR 96:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16652 (TYR 96L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2341 (LEU 100:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16680 (LEU 100L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2342 (GLU 101:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16685 (GLU 101L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2343 (LYS 102:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16692 (LYS 102L iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2346 (VAL 112:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16709 (VAL 112L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2347 (LYS 113:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16714 (LYS 113L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2379 (LYS 151:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 16988 (LYS 151L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2383 (LEU 155:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17008 (LEU 155L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2384 (PHE 156:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17013 (PHE 156L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2386 (LEU 158:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17023 (LEU 158L iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2390 (LEU 162:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17045 (LEU 162L iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2392 (GLN 164:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17058 (GLN 164L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2393 (LEU 165:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17063 (LEU 165L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2394 (LYS 174:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17068 (LYS 174L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2406 (ILE 186:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17164 (ILE 186L iCode=' '  CG2) as end atom for this residue
residue 2407 (ARG 187:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17169 (ARG 187L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2414 (GLU 206:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17227 (GLU 206L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2418 (GLU 210:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17255 (GLU 210L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2434 (ARG 235:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17385 (ARG 235L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2436 (ILE 241:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17399 (ILE 241L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2439 (LYS 244:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17423 (LYS 244L iCode=' '  CE ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2440 (LYS 245:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17428 (LYS 245L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2446 (LEU 251:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17480 (LEU 251L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2447 (GLU 252:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17486 (GLU 252L iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2448 (ASP 253:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17491 (ASP 253L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2451 (GLU 258:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17513 (GLU 258L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2457 (LEU 264:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17563 (LEU 264L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2458 (LYS 265:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17568 (LYS 265L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2459 (GLU 266:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17573 (GLU 266L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2463 (LYS 270:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17602 (LYS 270L iCode=' '  CD ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2466 (LYS 273:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17625 (LYS 273L iCode=' '  CG ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2474 (VAL 285:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17684 (VAL 285L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2478 (LYS 289:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17709 (LYS 289L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2480 (LEU 291:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17724 (LEU 291L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
residue 2481 (SER 292:L iCode=' ') has no 'end' atoms

Using atom 17729 (SER 292L iCode=' '  CB ) as end atom for this residue
5 sidechains in contact with residue   68 (PHE    97:A, iCode=' ' helix   5)
residue 68 (PHE 97:A) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) PHE 115:B iCode=' '	1) THR 116:B iCode=' '	2) LEU 119:B iCode=' '	3) LEU 120:B iCode=' '	4) HIS 123:B iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
THR 116:B iCode=' '	LEU 119:B iCode=' '	LEU 120:B iCode=' '	HIS 123:B iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue  277 (PHE    97:B, iCode=' ' helix  22)
residue 277 (PHE 97:B) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) PHE 115:A iCode=' '	1) THR 116:A iCode=' '	2) LEU 119:A iCode=' '	3) LEU 120:A iCode=' '	4) HIS 123:A iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
THR 116:A iCode=' '	LEU 119:A iCode=' '	LEU 120:A iCode=' '	HIS 123:A iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue  488 (PHE    97:C, iCode=' ' helix  38)
residue 488 (PHE 97:C) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) PHE 115:D iCode=' '	1) THR 116:D iCode=' '	2) LEU 119:D iCode=' '	3) LEU 120:D iCode=' '	4) HIS 123:D iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
THR 116:D iCode=' '	LEU 119:D iCode=' '	LEU 120:D iCode=' '	HIS 123:D iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue  699 (PHE    97:D, iCode=' ' helix  51)
residue 699 (PHE 97:D) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) PHE 115:C iCode=' '	1) THR 116:C iCode=' '	2) LEU 119:C iCode=' '	3) LEU 120:C iCode=' '	4) HIS 123:C iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
THR 116:C iCode=' '	LEU 119:C iCode=' '	LEU 120:C iCode=' '	HIS 123:C iCode=' '	

!!!!odd-knob
!!!!odd-knob
5 sidechains in contact with residue 1287 (PHE    97:G, iCode=' ' helix  93)
residue 1287 (PHE 97:G) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) PHE 115:H iCode=' '	1) THR 116:H iCode=' '	2) LEU 119:H iCode=' '	3) LEU 120:H iCode=' '	4) HIS 123:H iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
THR 116:H iCode=' '	LEU 119:H iCode=' '	LEU 120:H iCode=' '	HIS 123:H iCode=' '	

!!!!odd-knob
!!!!odd-knob
!!!!odd-knob
5 sidechains in contact with residue 2338 (PHE    97:L, iCode=' ' helix 169)
residue 2338 (PHE 97:L) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) PHE 115:K iCode=' '	1) THR 116:K iCode=' '	2) LEU 119:K iCode=' '	3) LEU 120:K iCode=' '	4) HIS 123:K iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
THR 116:K iCode=' '	LEU 119:K iCode=' '	LEU 120:K iCode=' '	HIS 123:K iCode=' '	

5 sidechains in contact with residue 2275 (PRO    15:L, iCode=' ' helix 165)
residue 2275 (PRO 15:L) has > 4 contacts; looking for holes
contacts: 0) ALA 79:L iCode=' '	1) TYR 83:L iCode=' '	2) SER 87:L iCode=' '	3) VAL 88:L iCode=' '	4) SER 91:L iCode=' '	
- includes hole:
TYR 83:L iCode=' '	SER 87:L iCode=' '	VAL 88:L iCode=' '	SER 91:L iCode=' '	

!!!!odd-knob

These are the knobs and holes:

knobs in helix 0:
knobs in helix 1:
knobs in helix 2:
knobs in helix 3:
knobs in helix 4:
knobs in helix 5:
7) 68 (PHE 97:A, iCode=' ', helix 5) type 3	(hole:  THR 116:B iCode=' ', LEU 119:B iCode=' ', LEU 120:B iCode=' ', HIS 123:B iCode=' ' helix 23) packing angle   64.977
knobs in helix 6:
10) 84 (LEU 120:A, iCode=' ', helix 6) type 4	(hole:  TYR 94:B iCode=' ', PHE 97:B iCode=' ', LEU 98:B iCode=' ', GLU 101:B iCode=' ' helix 22) packing angle  138.040
knobs in helix 7:
knobs in helix 8:
knobs in helix 9:
14) 133 (PHE 183:A, iCode=' ', helix 9) type 4	(hole:  LEU 264:A iCode=' ', LEU 267:A iCode=' ', GLU 268:A iCode=' ', ALA 271:A iCode=' ' helix 14) packing angle  144.569
15) 136 (ILE 186:A, iCode=' ', helix 9) type 4	(hole:  THR 260:A iCode=' ', THR 263:A iCode=' ', LEU 264:A iCode=' ', LEU 267:A iCode=' ' helix 14) packing angle   44.592
knobs in helix 10:
knobs in helix 11:
knobs in helix 12:
knobs in helix 13:
knobs in helix 14:
17) 188 (LEU 264:A, iCode=' ', helix 14) type 4	(hole:  PHE 183:A iCode=' ', ILE 186:A iCode=' ', ARG 187:A iCode=' ', TYR 190:A iCode=' ' helix 9) packing angle  132.424
18) 191 (LEU 267:A, iCode=' ', helix 14) type 4	(hole:  THR 179:A iCode=' ', LEU 182:A iCode=' ', PHE 183:A iCode=' ', ILE 186:A iCode=' ' helix 9) packing angle   70.230
knobs in helix 15:
knobs in helix 16:
knobs in helix 17:
knobs in helix 18:
knobs in helix 19:
knobs in helix 20:
knobs in helix 21:
knobs in helix 22:
12) 277 (PHE 97:B, iCode=' ', helix 22) type 3	(hole:  THR 116:A iCode=' ', LEU 119:A iCode=' ', LEU 120:A iCode=' ', HIS 123:A iCode=' ' helix 6) packing angle   69.396
knobs in helix 23:
8) 293 (LEU 120:B, iCode=' ', helix 23) type 4	(hole:  TYR 94:A iCode=' ', PHE 97:A iCode=' ', LEU 98:A iCode=' ', GLU 101:A iCode=' ' helix 5) packing angle  145.769
knobs in helix 24:
knobs in helix 25:
knobs in helix 26:
26) 338 (THR 179:B, iCode=' ', helix 26) type 4	(hole:  LEU 267:B iCode=' ', LYS 270:B iCode=' ', ALA 271:B iCode=' ', GLN 274:B iCode=' ' helix 31) packing angle   80.523
27) 342 (PHE 183:B, iCode=' ', helix 26) type 4	(hole:  LEU 264:B iCode=' ', LEU 267:B iCode=' ', GLU 268:B iCode=' ', ALA 271:B iCode=' ' helix 31) packing angle  137.639
28) 345 (ILE 186:B, iCode=' ', helix 26) type 3	(hole:  THR 260:B iCode=' ', THR 263:B iCode=' ', LEU 264:B iCode=' ', LEU 267:B iCode=' ' helix 31) packing angle   46.881
knobs in helix 27:
knobs in helix 28:
knobs in helix 29:
knobs in helix 30:
knobs in helix 31:
30) 397 (LEU 264:B, iCode=' ', helix 31) type 4	(hole:  PHE 183:B iCode=' ', ILE 186:B iCode=' ', ARG 187:B iCode=' ', TYR 190:B iCode=' ' helix 26) packing angle  130.859
31) 400 (LEU 267:B, iCode=' ', helix 31) type 4	(hole:  THR 179:B iCode=' ', LEU 182:B iCode=' ', PHE 183:B iCode=' ', ILE 186:B iCode=' ' helix 26) packing angle   70.172
32) 404 (ALA 271:B, iCode=' ', helix 31) type 4	(hole:  LEU 176:B iCode=' ', THR 179:B iCode=' ', LEU 180:B iCode=' ', PHE 183:B iCode=' ' helix 26) packing angle  142.521
knobs in helix 32:
knobs in helix 33:
knobs in helix 34:
knobs in helix 35:
knobs in helix 36:
knobs in helix 37:
knobs in helix 38:
43) 488 (PHE 97:C, iCode=' ', helix 38) type 4	(hole:  THR 116:D iCode=' ', LEU 119:D iCode=' ', LEU 120:D iCode=' ', HIS 123:D iCode=' ' helix 52) packing angle   66.564
knobs in helix 39:
47) 506 (LEU 120:C, iCode=' ', helix 39) type 4	(hole:  TYR 94:D iCode=' ', PHE 97:D iCode=' ', LEU 98:D iCode=' ', GLU 101:D iCode=' ' helix 51) packing angle  144.538
knobs in helix 40:
knobs in helix 41:
51) 552 (THR 179:C, iCode=' ', helix 41) type 4	(hole:  LEU 267:C iCode=' ', LYS 270:C iCode=' ', ALA 271:C iCode=' ', GLN 274:C iCode=' ' helix 45) packing angle   69.563
52) 556 (PHE 183:C, iCode=' ', helix 41) type 3	(hole:  LEU 264:C iCode=' ', LEU 267:C iCode=' ', GLU 268:C iCode=' ', ALA 271:C iCode=' ' helix 45) packing angle  141.963
53) 559 (ILE 186:C, iCode=' ', helix 41) type 3	(hole:  THR 260:C iCode=' ', THR 263:C iCode=' ', LEU 264:C iCode=' ', LEU 267:C iCode=' ' helix 45) packing angle   46.561
knobs in helix 42:
knobs in helix 43:
knobs in helix 44:
knobs in helix 45:
55) 607 (LEU 264:C, iCode=' ', helix 45) type 4	(hole:  PHE 183:C iCode=' ', ILE 186:C iCode=' ', ARG 187:C iCode=' ', TYR 190:C iCode=' ' helix 41) packing angle  132.233
56) 610 (LEU 267:C, iCode=' ', helix 45) type 4	(hole:  THR 179:C iCode=' ', LEU 182:C iCode=' ', PHE 183:C iCode=' ', ILE 186:C iCode=' ' helix 41) packing angle   71.073
57) 614 (ALA 271:C, iCode=' ', helix 45) type 4	(hole:  LEU 176:C iCode=' ', THR 179:C iCode=' ', LEU 180:C iCode=' ', PHE 183:C iCode=' ' helix 41) packing angle  144.285
knobs in helix 46:
knobs in helix 47:
knobs in helix 48:
knobs in helix 49:
knobs in helix 50:
knobs in helix 51:
49) 699 (PHE 97:D, iCode=' ', helix 51) type 3	(hole:  THR 116:C iCode=' ', LEU 119:C iCode=' ', LEU 120:C iCode=' ', HIS 123:C iCode=' ' helix 39) packing angle   69.123
knobs in helix 52:
44) 718 (LEU 120:D, iCode=' ', helix 52) type 4	(hole:  TYR 94:C iCode=' ', PHE 97:C iCode=' ', LEU 98:C iCode=' ', GLU 101:C iCode=' ' helix 38) packing angle  142.895
knobs in helix 53:
knobs in helix 54:
65) 768 (PHE 183:D, iCode=' ', helix 54) type 4	(hole:  LEU 264:D iCode=' ', LEU 267:D iCode=' ', GLU 268:D iCode=' ', ALA 271:D iCode=' ' helix 59) packing angle  136.604
66) 771 (ILE 186:D, iCode=' ', helix 54) type 3	(hole:  THR 260:D iCode=' ', THR 263:D iCode=' ', LEU 264:D iCode=' ', LEU 267:D iCode=' ' helix 59) packing angle   54.157
knobs in helix 55:
knobs in helix 56:
knobs in helix 57:
knobs in helix 58:
knobs in helix 59:
68) 822 (LEU 264:D, iCode=' ', helix 59) type 3	(hole:  PHE 183:D iCode=' ', ILE 186:D iCode=' ', ARG 187:D iCode=' ', TYR 190:D iCode=' ' helix 54) packing angle  131.878
69) 825 (LEU 267:D, iCode=' ', helix 59) type 4	(hole:  THR 179:D iCode=' ', LEU 182:D iCode=' ', PHE 183:D iCode=' ', ILE 186:D iCode=' ' helix 54) packing angle   70.065
knobs in helix 60:
knobs in helix 61:
knobs in helix 62:
knobs in helix 63:
knobs in helix 64:
77) 897 (PHE 97:E, iCode=' ', helix 64) type 3	(hole:  PHE 115:F iCode=' ', LEU 119:F iCode=' ', LEU 120:F iCode=' ', HIS 123:F iCode=' ' helix 80) packing angle   67.902
knobs in helix 65:
80) 915 (LEU 120:E, iCode=' ', helix 65) type 4	(hole:  TYR 94:F iCode=' ', PHE 97:F iCode=' ', LEU 98:F iCode=' ', GLU 101:F iCode=' ' helix 79) packing angle  141.041
knobs in helix 66:
knobs in helix 67:
knobs in helix 68:
knobs in helix 69:
knobs in helix 70:
knobs in helix 71:
knobs in helix 72:
knobs in helix 73:
knobs in helix 74:
knobs in helix 75:
knobs in helix 76:
knobs in helix 77:
knobs in helix 78:
knobs in helix 79:
82) 1071 (PHE 97:F, iCode=' ', helix 79) type 3	(hole:  PHE 115:E iCode=' ', LEU 119:E iCode=' ', LEU 120:E iCode=' ', HIS 123:E iCode=' ' helix 65) packing angle   58.669
knobs in helix 80:
78) 1089 (LEU 120:F, iCode=' ', helix 80) type 4	(hole:  TYR 94:E iCode=' ', PHE 97:E iCode=' ', LEU 98:E iCode=' ', GLU 101:E iCode=' ' helix 64) packing angle  145.972
knobs in helix 81:
knobs in helix 82:
88) 1135 (THR 179:F, iCode=' ', helix 82) type 4	(hole:  LEU 267:F iCode=' ', LYS 270:F iCode=' ', ALA 271:F iCode=' ', GLN 274:F iCode=' ' helix 87) packing angle   77.647
89) 1139 (PHE 183:F, iCode=' ', helix 82) type 4	(hole:  LEU 264:F iCode=' ', LEU 267:F iCode=' ', GLU 268:F iCode=' ', ALA 271:F iCode=' ' helix 87) packing angle  140.193
90) 1142 (ILE 186:F, iCode=' ', helix 82) type 3	(hole:  THR 260:F iCode=' ', THR 263:F iCode=' ', LEU 264:F iCode=' ', LEU 267:F iCode=' ' helix 87) packing angle   45.532
knobs in helix 83:
knobs in helix 84:
knobs in helix 85:
knobs in helix 86:
knobs in helix 87:
92) 1194 (LEU 264:F, iCode=' ', helix 87) type 4	(hole:  PHE 183:F iCode=' ', ILE 186:F iCode=' ', ARG 187:F iCode=' ', TYR 190:F iCode=' ' helix 82) packing angle  129.252
93) 1197 (LEU 267:F, iCode=' ', helix 87) type 4	(hole:  THR 179:F iCode=' ', LEU 182:F iCode=' ', PHE 183:F iCode=' ', ILE 186:F iCode=' ' helix 82) packing angle   72.560
94) 1201 (ALA 271:F, iCode=' ', helix 87) type 4	(hole:  LEU 176:F iCode=' ', THR 179:F iCode=' ', LEU 180:F iCode=' ', PHE 183:F iCode=' ' helix 82) packing angle  146.343
knobs in helix 88:
knobs in helix 89:
knobs in helix 90:
knobs in helix 91:
knobs in helix 92:
knobs in helix 93:
101) 1287 (PHE 97:G, iCode=' ', helix 93) type 4	(hole:  THR 116:H iCode=' ', LEU 119:H iCode=' ', LEU 120:H iCode=' ', HIS 123:H iCode=' ' helix 108) packing angle   71.001
knobs in helix 94:
knobs in helix 95:
knobs in helix 96:
knobs in helix 97:
knobs in helix 98:
knobs in helix 99:
knobs in helix 100:
knobs in helix 101:
knobs in helix 102:
knobs in helix 103:
knobs in helix 104:
knobs in helix 105:
knobs in helix 106:
knobs in helix 107:
knobs in helix 108:
102) 1515 (LEU 120:H, iCode=' ', helix 108) type 4	(hole:  TYR 94:G iCode=' ', PHE 97:G iCode=' ', LEU 98:G iCode=' ', GLU 101:G iCode=' ' helix 93) packing angle  145.959
knobs in helix 109:
knobs in helix 110:
117) 1560 (THR 179:H, iCode=' ', helix 110) type 4	(hole:  LEU 267:H iCode=' ', LYS 270:H iCode=' ', ALA 271:H iCode=' ', GLN 274:H iCode=' ' helix 115) packing angle   77.472
118) 1564 (PHE 183:H, iCode=' ', helix 110) type 4	(hole:  LEU 264:H iCode=' ', LEU 267:H iCode=' ', GLU 268:H iCode=' ', ALA 271:H iCode=' ' helix 115) packing angle  141.684
119) 1567 (ILE 186:H, iCode=' ', helix 110) type 4	(hole:  THR 260:H iCode=' ', THR 263:H iCode=' ', LEU 264:H iCode=' ', LEU 267:H iCode=' ' helix 115) packing angle   47.860
knobs in helix 111:
knobs in helix 112:
knobs in helix 113:
knobs in helix 114:
knobs in helix 115:
121) 1618 (LEU 264:H, iCode=' ', helix 115) type 4	(hole:  PHE 183:H iCode=' ', ILE 186:H iCode=' ', ARG 187:H iCode=' ', TYR 190:H iCode=' ' helix 110) packing angle  132.444
122) 1621 (LEU 267:H, iCode=' ', helix 115) type 4	(hole:  THR 179:H iCode=' ', LEU 182:H iCode=' ', PHE 183:H iCode=' ', ILE 186:H iCode=' ' helix 110) packing angle   72.162
123) 1625 (ALA 271:H, iCode=' ', helix 115) type 4	(hole:  LEU 176:H iCode=' ', THR 179:H iCode=' ', LEU 180:H iCode=' ', PHE 183:H iCode=' ' helix 110) packing angle  140.140
knobs in helix 116:
knobs in helix 117:
knobs in helix 118:
knobs in helix 119:
knobs in helix 120:
knobs in helix 121:
knobs in helix 122:
knobs in helix 123:
129) 1712 (PHE 97:I, iCode=' ', helix 123) type 3	(hole:  PHE 115:J iCode=' ', LEU 119:J iCode=' ', LEU 120:J iCode=' ', HIS 123:J iCode=' ' helix 139) packing angle   67.899
knobs in helix 124:
knobs in helix 125:
knobs in helix 126:
134) 1778 (PHE 183:I, iCode=' ', helix 126) type 3	(hole:  LEU 264:I iCode=' ', LEU 267:I iCode=' ', GLU 268:I iCode=' ', ALA 271:I iCode=' ' helix 131) packing angle  129.467
135) 1781 (ILE 186:I, iCode=' ', helix 126) type 3	(hole:  THR 260:I iCode=' ', THR 263:I iCode=' ', LEU 264:I iCode=' ', LEU 267:I iCode=' ' helix 131) packing angle   49.508
knobs in helix 127:
knobs in helix 128:
knobs in helix 129:
knobs in helix 130:
knobs in helix 131:
136) 1828 (LEU 264:I, iCode=' ', helix 131) type 4	(hole:  PHE 183:I iCode=' ', ILE 186:I iCode=' ', ARG 187:I iCode=' ', TYR 190:I iCode=' ' helix 126) packing angle  128.117
137) 1831 (LEU 267:I, iCode=' ', helix 131) type 4	(hole:  THR 179:I iCode=' ', LEU 182:I iCode=' ', PHE 183:I iCode=' ', ILE 186:I iCode=' ' helix 126) packing angle   61.653
knobs in helix 132:
knobs in helix 133:
knobs in helix 134:
knobs in helix 135:
knobs in helix 136:
knobs in helix 137:
knobs in helix 138:
knobs in helix 139:
130) 1937 (LEU 120:J, iCode=' ', helix 139) type 4	(hole:  TYR 94:I iCode=' ', PHE 97:I iCode=' ', LEU 98:I iCode=' ', GLU 101:I iCode=' ' helix 123) packing angle  146.509
knobs in helix 140:
knobs in helix 141:
149) 1983 (THR 179:J, iCode=' ', helix 141) type 4	(hole:  LEU 267:J iCode=' ', LYS 270:J iCode=' ', ALA 271:J iCode=' ', GLN 274:J iCode=' ' helix 146) packing angle   75.226
150) 1987 (PHE 183:J, iCode=' ', helix 141) type 4	(hole:  LEU 264:J iCode=' ', LEU 267:J iCode=' ', GLU 268:J iCode=' ', ALA 271:J iCode=' ' helix 146) packing angle  140.653
151) 1990 (ILE 186:J, iCode=' ', helix 141) type 3	(hole:  THR 260:J iCode=' ', THR 263:J iCode=' ', LEU 264:J iCode=' ', LEU 267:J iCode=' ' helix 146) packing angle   49.423
knobs in helix 142:
knobs in helix 143:
knobs in helix 144:
knobs in helix 145:
knobs in helix 146:
153) 2043 (LEU 264:J, iCode=' ', helix 146) type 4	(hole:  PHE 183:J iCode=' ', ILE 186:J iCode=' ', ARG 187:J iCode=' ', TYR 190:J iCode=' ' helix 141) packing angle  128.134
154) 2046 (LEU 267:J, iCode=' ', helix 146) type 4	(hole:  THR 179:J iCode=' ', LEU 182:J iCode=' ', PHE 183:J iCode=' ', ILE 186:J iCode=' ' helix 141) packing angle   71.598
155) 2050 (ALA 271:J, iCode=' ', helix 146) type 4	(hole:  LEU 176:J iCode=' ', THR 179:J iCode=' ', LEU 180:J iCode=' ', PHE 183:J iCode=' ' helix 141) packing angle  144.733
knobs in helix 147:
knobs in helix 148:
knobs in helix 149:
knobs in helix 150:
knobs in helix 151:
knobs in helix 152:
knobs in helix 153:
161) 2136 (PHE 97:K, iCode=' ', helix 153) type 3	(hole:  PHE 115:L iCode=' ', LEU 119:L iCode=' ', LEU 120:L iCode=' ', HIS 123:L iCode=' ' helix 170) packing angle   63.422
knobs in helix 154:
164) 2153 (LEU 120:K, iCode=' ', helix 154) type 4	(hole:  TYR 94:L iCode=' ', PHE 97:L iCode=' ', LEU 98:L iCode=' ', GLU 101:L iCode=' ' helix 169) packing angle  141.067
knobs in helix 155:
knobs in helix 156:
knobs in helix 157:
166) 2200 (PHE 183:K, iCode=' ', helix 157) type 4	(hole:  LEU 264:K iCode=' ', LEU 267:K iCode=' ', GLU 268:K iCode=' ', ALA 271:K iCode=' ' helix 162) packing angle  146.341
knobs in helix 158:
knobs in helix 159:
knobs in helix 160:
knobs in helix 161:
knobs in helix 162:
168) 2252 (LEU 267:K, iCode=' ', helix 162) type 4	(hole:  THR 179:K iCode=' ', LEU 182:K iCode=' ', PHE 183:K iCode=' ', ILE 186:K iCode=' ' helix 157) packing angle   76.190
knobs in helix 163:
knobs in helix 164:
knobs in helix 165:
knobs in helix 166:
knobs in helix 167:
knobs in helix 168:
knobs in helix 169:
165) 2338 (PHE 97:L, iCode=' ', helix 169) type 4	(hole:  THR 116:K iCode=' ', LEU 119:K iCode=' ', LEU 120:K iCode=' ', HIS 123:K iCode=' ' helix 154) packing angle   67.997
knobs in helix 170:
162) 2354 (LEU 120:L, iCode=' ', helix 170) type 4	(hole:  TYR 94:K iCode=' ', PHE 97:K iCode=' ', LEU 98:K iCode=' ', GLU 101:K iCode=' ' helix 153) packing angle  142.424
knobs in helix 171:
knobs in helix 172:
173) 2399 (THR 179:L, iCode=' ', helix 172) type 4	(hole:  LEU 267:L iCode=' ', LYS 270:L iCode=' ', ALA 271:L iCode=' ', GLN 274:L iCode=' ' helix 177) packing angle   74.827
174) 2403 (PHE 183:L, iCode=' ', helix 172) type 4	(hole:  LEU 264:L iCode=' ', LEU 267:L iCode=' ', GLU 268:L iCode=' ', ALA 271:L iCode=' ' helix 177) packing angle  135.666
175) 2406 (ILE 186:L, iCode=' ', helix 172) type 4	(hole:  THR 260:L iCode=' ', THR 263:L iCode=' ', LEU 264:L iCode=' ', LEU 267:L iCode=' ' helix 177) packing angle   51.979
knobs in helix 173:
knobs in helix 174:
knobs in helix 175:
knobs in helix 176:
knobs in helix 177:
177) 2457 (LEU 264:L, iCode=' ', helix 177) type 4	(hole:  PHE 183:L iCode=' ', ILE 186:L iCode=' ', ARG 187:L iCode=' ', TYR 190:L iCode=' ' helix 172) packing angle  128.006
178) 2460 (LEU 267:L, iCode=' ', helix 177) type 4	(hole:  THR 179:L iCode=' ', LEU 182:L iCode=' ', PHE 183:L iCode=' ', ILE 186:L iCode=' ' helix 172) packing angle   66.869
179) 2464 (ALA 271:L, iCode=' ', helix 177) type 4	(hole:  LEU 176:L iCode=' ', THR 179:L iCode=' ', LEU 180:L iCode=' ', PHE 183:L iCode=' ' helix 172) packing angle  147.018
knobs in helix 178:
holes in helix 0:
holes in helix 1:
holes in helix 2:
holes in helix 3:
holes in helix 4:
holes in helix 5:
 TYR 94:A iCode=' ', PHE 97:A iCode=' ', LEU 98:A iCode=' ', GLU 101:A iCode=' ' (knob: 293 (LEU 120:B, helix 23))
holes in helix 6:
 THR 116:A iCode=' ', LEU 119:A iCode=' ', LEU 120:A iCode=' ', HIS 123:A iCode=' ' (knob: 277 (PHE 97:B, helix 22))
holes in helix 7:
holes in helix 8:
holes in helix 9:
 PHE 183:A iCode=' ', ILE 186:A iCode=' ', ARG 187:A iCode=' ', TYR 190:A iCode=' ' (knob: 188 (LEU 264:A, helix 14))
 THR 179:A iCode=' ', LEU 182:A iCode=' ', PHE 183:A iCode=' ', ILE 186:A iCode=' ' (knob: 191 (LEU 267:A, helix 14))
holes in helix 10:
holes in helix 11:
holes in helix 12:
holes in helix 13:
holes in helix 14:
 LEU 264:A iCode=' ', LEU 267:A iCode=' ', GLU 268:A iCode=' ', ALA 271:A iCode=' ' (knob: 133 (PHE 183:A, helix 9))
 THR 260:A iCode=' ', THR 263:A iCode=' ', LEU 264:A iCode=' ', LEU 267:A iCode=' ' (knob: 136 (ILE 186:A, helix 9))
holes in helix 15:
holes in helix 16:
holes in helix 17:
holes in helix 18:
holes in helix 19:
holes in helix 20:
holes in helix 21:
holes in helix 22:
 TYR 94:B iCode=' ', PHE 97:B iCode=' ', LEU 98:B iCode=' ', GLU 101:B iCode=' ' (knob: 84 (LEU 120:A, helix 6))
holes in helix 23:
 THR 116:B iCode=' ', LEU 119:B iCode=' ', LEU 120:B iCode=' ', HIS 123:B iCode=' ' (knob: 68 (PHE 97:A, helix 5))
holes in helix 24:
holes in helix 25:
holes in helix 26:
 PHE 183:B iCode=' ', ILE 186:B iCode=' ', ARG 187:B iCode=' ', TYR 190:B iCode=' ' (knob: 397 (LEU 264:B, helix 31))
 THR 179:B iCode=' ', LEU 182:B iCode=' ', PHE 183:B iCode=' ', ILE 186:B iCode=' ' (knob: 400 (LEU 267:B, helix 31))
 LEU 176:B iCode=' ', THR 179:B iCode=' ', LEU 180:B iCode=' ', PHE 183:B iCode=' ' (knob: 404 (ALA 271:B, helix 31))
holes in helix 27:
holes in helix 28:
holes in helix 29:
holes in helix 30:
holes in helix 31:
 LEU 267:B iCode=' ', LYS 270:B iCode=' ', ALA 271:B iCode=' ', GLN 274:B iCode=' ' (knob: 338 (THR 179:B, helix 26))
 LEU 264:B iCode=' ', LEU 267:B iCode=' ', GLU 268:B iCode=' ', ALA 271:B iCode=' ' (knob: 342 (PHE 183:B, helix 26))
 THR 260:B iCode=' ', THR 263:B iCode=' ', LEU 264:B iCode=' ', LEU 267:B iCode=' ' (knob: 345 (ILE 186:B, helix 26))
holes in helix 32:
holes in helix 33:
holes in helix 34:
holes in helix 35:
holes in helix 36:
holes in helix 37:
holes in helix 38:
 TYR 94:C iCode=' ', PHE 97:C iCode=' ', LEU 98:C iCode=' ', GLU 101:C iCode=' ' (knob: 718 (LEU 120:D, helix 52))
holes in helix 39:
 THR 116:C iCode=' ', LEU 119:C iCode=' ', LEU 120:C iCode=' ', HIS 123:C iCode=' ' (knob: 699 (PHE 97:D, helix 51))
holes in helix 40:
holes in helix 41:
 PHE 183:C iCode=' ', ILE 186:C iCode=' ', ARG 187:C iCode=' ', TYR 190:C iCode=' ' (knob: 607 (LEU 264:C, helix 45))
 THR 179:C iCode=' ', LEU 182:C iCode=' ', PHE 183:C iCode=' ', ILE 186:C iCode=' ' (knob: 610 (LEU 267:C, helix 45))
 LEU 176:C iCode=' ', THR 179:C iCode=' ', LEU 180:C iCode=' ', PHE 183:C iCode=' ' (knob: 614 (ALA 271:C, helix 45))
holes in helix 42:
holes in helix 43:
holes in helix 44:
holes in helix 45:
 LEU 267:C iCode=' ', LYS 270:C iCode=' ', ALA 271:C iCode=' ', GLN 274:C iCode=' ' (knob: 552 (THR 179:C, helix 41))
 LEU 264:C iCode=' ', LEU 267:C iCode=' ', GLU 268:C iCode=' ', ALA 271:C iCode=' ' (knob: 556 (PHE 183:C, helix 41))
 THR 260:C iCode=' ', THR 263:C iCode=' ', LEU 264:C iCode=' ', LEU 267:C iCode=' ' (knob: 559 (ILE 186:C, helix 41))
holes in helix 46:
holes in helix 47:
holes in helix 48:
holes in helix 49:
holes in helix 50:
holes in helix 51:
 TYR 94:D iCode=' ', PHE 97:D iCode=' ', LEU 98:D iCode=' ', GLU 101:D iCode=' ' (knob: 506 (LEU 120:C, helix 39))
holes in helix 52:
 THR 116:D iCode=' ', LEU 119:D iCode=' ', LEU 120:D iCode=' ', HIS 123:D iCode=' ' (knob: 488 (PHE 97:C, helix 38))
holes in helix 53:
holes in helix 54:
 PHE 183:D iCode=' ', ILE 186:D iCode=' ', ARG 187:D iCode=' ', TYR 190:D iCode=' ' (knob: 822 (LEU 264:D, helix 59))
 THR 179:D iCode=' ', LEU 182:D iCode=' ', PHE 183:D iCode=' ', ILE 186:D iCode=' ' (knob: 825 (LEU 267:D, helix 59))
holes in helix 55:
holes in helix 56:
holes in helix 57:
holes in helix 58:
holes in helix 59:
 LEU 264:D iCode=' ', LEU 267:D iCode=' ', GLU 268:D iCode=' ', ALA 271:D iCode=' ' (knob: 768 (PHE 183:D, helix 54))
 THR 260:D iCode=' ', THR 263:D iCode=' ', LEU 264:D iCode=' ', LEU 267:D iCode=' ' (knob: 771 (ILE 186:D, helix 54))
holes in helix 60:
holes in helix 61:
holes in helix 62:
holes in helix 63:
holes in helix 64:
 TYR 94:E iCode=' ', PHE 97:E iCode=' ', LEU 98:E iCode=' ', GLU 101:E iCode=' ' (knob: 1089 (LEU 120:F, helix 80))
holes in helix 65:
 PHE 115:E iCode=' ', LEU 119:E iCode=' ', LEU 120:E iCode=' ', HIS 123:E iCode=' ' (knob: 1071 (PHE 97:F, helix 79))
holes in helix 66:
holes in helix 67:
holes in helix 68:
holes in helix 69:
holes in helix 70:
holes in helix 71:
holes in helix 72:
holes in helix 73:
holes in helix 74:
holes in helix 75:
holes in helix 76:
holes in helix 77:
holes in helix 78:
holes in helix 79:
 TYR 94:F iCode=' ', PHE 97:F iCode=' ', LEU 98:F iCode=' ', GLU 101:F iCode=' ' (knob: 915 (LEU 120:E, helix 65))
holes in helix 80:
 PHE 115:F iCode=' ', LEU 119:F iCode=' ', LEU 120:F iCode=' ', HIS 123:F iCode=' ' (knob: 897 (PHE 97:E, helix 64))
holes in helix 81:
holes in helix 82:
 PHE 183:F iCode=' ', ILE 186:F iCode=' ', ARG 187:F iCode=' ', TYR 190:F iCode=' ' (knob: 1194 (LEU 264:F, helix 87))
 THR 179:F iCode=' ', LEU 182:F iCode=' ', PHE 183:F iCode=' ', ILE 186:F iCode=' ' (knob: 1197 (LEU 267:F, helix 87))
 LEU 176:F iCode=' ', THR 179:F iCode=' ', LEU 180:F iCode=' ', PHE 183:F iCode=' ' (knob: 1201 (ALA 271:F, helix 87))
holes in helix 83:
holes in helix 84:
holes in helix 85:
holes in helix 86:
holes in helix 87:
 LEU 267:F iCode=' ', LYS 270:F iCode=' ', ALA 271:F iCode=' ', GLN 274:F iCode=' ' (knob: 1135 (THR 179:F, helix 82))
 LEU 264:F iCode=' ', LEU 267:F iCode=' ', GLU 268:F iCode=' ', ALA 271:F iCode=' ' (knob: 1139 (PHE 183:F, helix 82))
 THR 260:F iCode=' ', THR 263:F iCode=' ', LEU 264:F iCode=' ', LEU 267:F iCode=' ' (knob: 1142 (ILE 186:F, helix 82))
holes in helix 88:
holes in helix 89:
holes in helix 90:
holes in helix 91:
holes in helix 92:
holes in helix 93:
 TYR 94:G iCode=' ', PHE 97:G iCode=' ', LEU 98:G iCode=' ', GLU 101:G iCode=' ' (knob: 1515 (LEU 120:H, helix 108))
holes in helix 94:
holes in helix 95:
holes in helix 96:
holes in helix 97:
holes in helix 98:
holes in helix 99:
holes in helix 100:
holes in helix 101:
holes in helix 102:
holes in helix 103:
holes in helix 104:
holes in helix 105:
holes in helix 106:
holes in helix 107:
holes in helix 108:
 THR 116:H iCode=' ', LEU 119:H iCode=' ', LEU 120:H iCode=' ', HIS 123:H iCode=' ' (knob: 1287 (PHE 97:G, helix 93))
holes in helix 109:
holes in helix 110:
 PHE 183:H iCode=' ', ILE 186:H iCode=' ', ARG 187:H iCode=' ', TYR 190:H iCode=' ' (knob: 1618 (LEU 264:H, helix 115))
 THR 179:H iCode=' ', LEU 182:H iCode=' ', PHE 183:H iCode=' ', ILE 186:H iCode=' ' (knob: 1621 (LEU 267:H, helix 115))
 LEU 176:H iCode=' ', THR 179:H iCode=' ', LEU 180:H iCode=' ', PHE 183:H iCode=' ' (knob: 1625 (ALA 271:H, helix 115))
holes in helix 111:
holes in helix 112:
holes in helix 113:
holes in helix 114:
holes in helix 115:
 LEU 267:H iCode=' ', LYS 270:H iCode=' ', ALA 271:H iCode=' ', GLN 274:H iCode=' ' (knob: 1560 (THR 179:H, helix 110))
 LEU 264:H iCode=' ', LEU 267:H iCode=' ', GLU 268:H iCode=' ', ALA 271:H iCode=' ' (knob: 1564 (PHE 183:H, helix 110))
 THR 260:H iCode=' ', THR 263:H iCode=' ', LEU 264:H iCode=' ', LEU 267:H iCode=' ' (knob: 1567 (ILE 186:H, helix 110))
holes in helix 116:
holes in helix 117:
holes in helix 118:
holes in helix 119:
holes in helix 120:
holes in helix 121:
holes in helix 122:
holes in helix 123:
 TYR 94:I iCode=' ', PHE 97:I iCode=' ', LEU 98:I iCode=' ', GLU 101:I iCode=' ' (knob: 1937 (LEU 120:J, helix 139))
holes in helix 124:
holes in helix 125:
holes in helix 126:
 PHE 183:I iCode=' ', ILE 186:I iCode=' ', ARG 187:I iCode=' ', TYR 190:I iCode=' ' (knob: 1828 (LEU 264:I, helix 131))
 THR 179:I iCode=' ', LEU 182:I iCode=' ', PHE 183:I iCode=' ', ILE 186:I iCode=' ' (knob: 1831 (LEU 267:I, helix 131))
holes in helix 127:
holes in helix 128:
holes in helix 129:
holes in helix 130:
holes in helix 131:
 LEU 264:I iCode=' ', LEU 267:I iCode=' ', GLU 268:I iCode=' ', ALA 271:I iCode=' ' (knob: 1778 (PHE 183:I, helix 126))
 THR 260:I iCode=' ', THR 263:I iCode=' ', LEU 264:I iCode=' ', LEU 267:I iCode=' ' (knob: 1781 (ILE 186:I, helix 126))
holes in helix 132:
holes in helix 133:
holes in helix 134:
holes in helix 135:
holes in helix 136:
holes in helix 137:
holes in helix 138:
holes in helix 139:
 PHE 115:J iCode=' ', LEU 119:J iCode=' ', LEU 120:J iCode=' ', HIS 123:J iCode=' ' (knob: 1712 (PHE 97:I, helix 123))
holes in helix 140:
holes in helix 141:
 PHE 183:J iCode=' ', ILE 186:J iCode=' ', ARG 187:J iCode=' ', TYR 190:J iCode=' ' (knob: 2043 (LEU 264:J, helix 146))
 THR 179:J iCode=' ', LEU 182:J iCode=' ', PHE 183:J iCode=' ', ILE 186:J iCode=' ' (knob: 2046 (LEU 267:J, helix 146))
 LEU 176:J iCode=' ', THR 179:J iCode=' ', LEU 180:J iCode=' ', PHE 183:J iCode=' ' (knob: 2050 (ALA 271:J, helix 146))
holes in helix 142:
holes in helix 143:
holes in helix 144:
holes in helix 145:
holes in helix 146:
 LEU 267:J iCode=' ', LYS 270:J iCode=' ', ALA 271:J iCode=' ', GLN 274:J iCode=' ' (knob: 1983 (THR 179:J, helix 141))
 LEU 264:J iCode=' ', LEU 267:J iCode=' ', GLU 268:J iCode=' ', ALA 271:J iCode=' ' (knob: 1987 (PHE 183:J, helix 141))
 THR 260:J iCode=' ', THR 263:J iCode=' ', LEU 264:J iCode=' ', LEU 267:J iCode=' ' (knob: 1990 (ILE 186:J, helix 141))
holes in helix 147:
holes in helix 148:
holes in helix 149:
holes in helix 150:
holes in helix 151:
holes in helix 152:
holes in helix 153:
 TYR 94:K iCode=' ', PHE 97:K iCode=' ', LEU 98:K iCode=' ', GLU 101:K iCode=' ' (knob: 2354 (LEU 120:L, helix 170))
holes in helix 154:
 THR 116:K iCode=' ', LEU 119:K iCode=' ', LEU 120:K iCode=' ', HIS 123:K iCode=' ' (knob: 2338 (PHE 97:L, helix 169))
holes in helix 155:
holes in helix 156:
holes in helix 157:
 THR 179:K iCode=' ', LEU 182:K iCode=' ', PHE 183:K iCode=' ', ILE 186:K iCode=' ' (knob: 2252 (LEU 267:K, helix 162))
holes in helix 158:
holes in helix 159:
holes in helix 160:
holes in helix 161:
holes in helix 162:
 LEU 264:K iCode=' ', LEU 267:K iCode=' ', GLU 268:K iCode=' ', ALA 271:K iCode=' ' (knob: 2200 (PHE 183:K, helix 157))
holes in helix 163:
holes in helix 164:
holes in helix 165:
holes in helix 166:
holes in helix 167:
holes in helix 168:
holes in helix 169:
 TYR 94:L iCode=' ', PHE 97:L iCode=' ', LEU 98:L iCode=' ', GLU 101:L iCode=' ' (knob: 2153 (LEU 120:K, helix 154))
holes in helix 170:
 PHE 115:L iCode=' ', LEU 119:L iCode=' ', LEU 120:L iCode=' ', HIS 123:L iCode=' ' (knob: 2136 (PHE 97:K, helix 153))
holes in helix 171:
holes in helix 172:
 PHE 183:L iCode=' ', ILE 186:L iCode=' ', ARG 187:L iCode=' ', TYR 190:L iCode=' ' (knob: 2457 (LEU 264:L, helix 177))
 THR 179:L iCode=' ', LEU 182:L iCode=' ', PHE 183:L iCode=' ', ILE 186:L iCode=' ' (knob: 2460 (LEU 267:L, helix 177))
 LEU 176:L iCode=' ', THR 179:L iCode=' ', LEU 180:L iCode=' ', PHE 183:L iCode=' ' (knob: 2464 (ALA 271:L, helix 177))
holes in helix 173:
holes in helix 174:
holes in helix 175:
holes in helix 176:
holes in helix 177:
 LEU 267:L iCode=' ', LYS 270:L iCode=' ', ALA 271:L iCode=' ', GLN 274:L iCode=' ' (knob: 2399 (THR 179:L, helix 172))
 LEU 264:L iCode=' ', LEU 267:L iCode=' ', GLU 268:L iCode=' ', ALA 271:L iCode=' ' (knob: 2403 (PHE 183:L, helix 172))
 THR 260:L iCode=' ', THR 263:L iCode=' ', LEU 264:L iCode=' ', LEU 267:L iCode=' ' (knob: 2406 (ILE 186:L, helix 172))
holes in helix 178:

knob   0 (residue 121 = MET 163:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   1 (residue 206 = LEU 287:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   2 (residue 46 = ILE 63:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   3 (residue 67 = TYR 96:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   4 (residue 73 = LYS 102:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   5 (residue 113 = LEU 155:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob   6 (residue 54 = ILE 82:A iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob   7 (residue 68 = PHE 97:A iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob   8 (residue 293 = LEU 120:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob   9 (residue 296 = HIS 123:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  10 (residue 84 = LEU 120:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  11 (residue 87 = HIS 123:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  12 (residue 277 = PHE 97:B iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  13 (residue 129 = THR 179:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  14 (residue 133 = PHE 183:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  15 (residue 136 = ILE 186:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  16 (residue 140 = TYR 190:A iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  17 (residue 188 = LEU 264:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  18 (residue 191 = LEU 267:A iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  19 (residue 180 = SER 256:A iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  20 (residue 219 = TYR 16:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  21 (residue 255 = ILE 63:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  22 (residue 276 = TYR 96:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  23 (residue 282 = LYS 102:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  24 (residue 322 = LEU 155:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  25 (residue 263 = ILE 82:B iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  26 (residue 338 = THR 179:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  27 (residue 342 = PHE 183:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  28 (residue 345 = ILE 186:B iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  29 (residue 349 = TYR 190:B iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  30 (residue 397 = LEU 264:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  31 (residue 400 = LEU 267:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  32 (residue 404 = ALA 271:B iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  33 (residue 389 = SER 256:B iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  34 (residue 1698 = ILE 82:I iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  35 (residue 429 = TYR 16:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  36 (residue 544 = MET 163:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  37 (residue 627 = LEU 287:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  38 (residue 466 = ILE 63:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  39 (residue 487 = TYR 96:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  40 (residue 493 = LYS 102:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  41 (residue 536 = LEU 155:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  42 (residue 474 = ILE 82:C iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  43 (residue 488 = PHE 97:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  44 (residue 718 = LEU 120:D iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  45 (residue 721 = HIS 123:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  46 (residue 502 = THR 116:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  47 (residue 506 = LEU 120:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  48 (residue 509 = HIS 123:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  49 (residue 699 = PHE 97:D iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  50 (residue 549 = LEU 176:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  51 (residue 552 = THR 179:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  52 (residue 556 = PHE 183:C iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  53 (residue 559 = ILE 186:C iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  54 (residue 563 = TYR 190:C iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  55 (residue 607 = LEU 264:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  56 (residue 610 = LEU 267:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  57 (residue 614 = ALA 271:C iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  58 (residue 599 = SER 256:C iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  59 (residue 756 = MET 163:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  60 (residue 676 = ILE 63:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  61 (residue 698 = TYR 96:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  62 (residue 704 = LYS 102:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  63 (residue 748 = LEU 155:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  64 (residue 764 = THR 179:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  65 (residue 768 = PHE 183:D iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  66 (residue 771 = ILE 186:D iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  67 (residue 775 = TYR 190:D iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  68 (residue 822 = LEU 264:D iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  69 (residue 825 = LEU 267:D iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  70 (residue 814 = SER 256:D iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  71 (residue 2122 = ILE 82:K iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  72 (residue 853 = TYR 16:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  73 (residue 850 = LEU 13:E iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  74 (residue 875 = ILE 63:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  75 (residue 896 = TYR 96:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  76 (residue 902 = LYS 102:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  77 (residue 897 = PHE 97:E iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  78 (residue 1089 = LEU 120:F iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  79 (residue 1092 = HIS 123:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  80 (residue 915 = LEU 120:E iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  81 (residue 918 = HIS 123:E iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  82 (residue 1071 = PHE 97:F iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  83 (residue 1010 = TYR 16:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  84 (residue 1211 = LEU 287:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  85 (residue 1049 = ILE 63:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  86 (residue 1070 = TYR 96:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  87 (residue 1076 = LYS 102:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  88 (residue 1135 = THR 179:F iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  89 (residue 1139 = PHE 183:F iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  90 (residue 1142 = ILE 186:F iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob  91 (residue 1146 = TYR 190:F iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  92 (residue 1194 = LEU 264:F iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  93 (residue 1197 = LEU 267:F iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  94 (residue 1201 = ALA 271:F iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob  95 (residue 1186 = SER 256:F iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  96 (residue 1228 = LEU 19:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  97 (residue 1222 = LEU 13:G iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob  98 (residue 1341 = MET 163:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob  99 (residue 1264 = ILE 63:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 100 (residue 1286 = TYR 96:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 101 (residue 1287 = PHE 97:G iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 102 (residue 1515 = LEU 120:H iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 103 (residue 1518 = HIS 123:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 104 (residue 1303 = LEU 120:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 105 (residue 1346 = THR 179:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 106 (residue 1350 = PHE 183:G iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 107 (residue 1397 = SER 256:G iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 108 (residue 1437 = TYR 16:H iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 109 (residue 1434 = LEU 13:H iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 110 (residue 1491 = SER 91:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 111 (residue 1552 = MET 163:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 112 (residue 1474 = ILE 63:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 113 (residue 1496 = TYR 96:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 114 (residue 1502 = LYS 102:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 115 (residue 1544 = LEU 155:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 116 (residue 1557 = LEU 176:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 117 (residue 1560 = THR 179:H iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 118 (residue 1564 = PHE 183:H iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 119 (residue 1567 = ILE 186:H iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 120 (residue 1571 = TYR 190:H iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 121 (residue 1618 = LEU 264:H iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 122 (residue 1621 = LEU 267:H iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 123 (residue 1625 = ALA 271:H iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 124 (residue 1610 = SER 256:H iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 125 (residue 1689 = ILE 63:I iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 126 (residue 1711 = TYR 96:I iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 127 (residue 1717 = LYS 102:I iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 128 (residue 1758 = LEU 155:I iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 129 (residue 1712 = PHE 97:I iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 130 (residue 1937 = LEU 120:J iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 131 (residue 1940 = HIS 123:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 132 (residue 1731 = HIS 123:I iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 133 (residue 1774 = THR 179:I iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 134 (residue 1778 = PHE 183:I iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 135 (residue 1781 = ILE 186:I iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 136 (residue 1828 = LEU 264:I iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 137 (residue 1831 = LEU 267:I iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 138 (residue 1820 = SER 256:I iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 139 (residue 1856 = TYR 16:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 140 (residue 1867 = SER 32:J iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 141 (residue 1975 = MET 163:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 142 (residue 2059 = LEU 284:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 143 (residue 2062 = LEU 287:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 144 (residue 1895 = ILE 63:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 145 (residue 1917 = TYR 96:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 146 (residue 1923 = LYS 102:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 147 (residue 1900 = ASP 68:J iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 148 (residue 1967 = LEU 155:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 149 (residue 1983 = THR 179:J iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 150 (residue 1987 = PHE 183:J iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 151 (residue 1990 = ILE 186:J iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 152 (residue 1994 = TYR 190:J iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 153 (residue 2043 = LEU 264:J iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 154 (residue 2046 = LEU 267:J iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 155 (residue 2050 = ALA 271:J iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 156 (residue 2035 = SER 256:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 157 (residue 2063 = VAL 288:J iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 158 (residue 2114 = ILE 63:K iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 159 (residue 2135 = TYR 96:K iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 160 (residue 2141 = LYS 102:K iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 161 (residue 2136 = PHE 97:K iCode=' ') type 3 order 2
knob 162 (residue 2354 = LEU 120:L iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 163 (residue 2357 = HIS 123:L iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 164 (residue 2153 = LEU 120:K iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 165 (residue 2338 = PHE 97:L iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 166 (residue 2200 = PHE 183:K iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 167 (residue 2203 = ILE 186:K iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 168 (residue 2252 = LEU 267:K iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 169 (residue 2256 = ALA 271:K iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 170 (residue 2275 = PRO 15:L iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 171 (residue 2476 = LEU 287:L iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 172 (residue 2343 = LYS 102:L iCode=' ') type 2 order -1
knob 173 (residue 2399 = THR 179:L iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 174 (residue 2403 = PHE 183:L iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 175 (residue 2406 = ILE 186:L iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 176 (residue 2410 = TYR 190:L iCode=' ') type 1 order -1
knob 177 (residue 2457 = LEU 264:L iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 178 (residue 2460 = LEU 267:L iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 179 (residue 2464 = ALA 271:L iCode=' ') type 4 order 2
knob 180 (residue 2449 = SER 256:L iCode=' ') type 2 order -1

coiled coil  0:  2 helices   5 23	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  1:  2 helices   6 22	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  2:  2 helices   9 14	frequency 2
coiled coil  3:  2 helices  26 31	frequency 3
coiled coil  4:  2 helices  38 52	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  5:  2 helices  39 51	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  6:  2 helices  41 45	frequency 3
coiled coil  7:  2 helices  54 59	frequency 2
coiled coil  8:  2 helices  64 80	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil  9:  2 helices  65 79	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 10:  2 helices  82 87	frequency 3
coiled coil 11:  2 helices  93108	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 12:  2 helices 110115	frequency 3
coiled coil 13:  2 helices 123139	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 14:  2 helices 126131	frequency 2
coiled coil 15:  2 helices 141146	frequency 3
coiled coil 16:  2 helices 153170	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 17:  2 helices 154169	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 18:  2 helices 157162	frequency 1 IGNORING
coiled coil 19:  2 helices 172177	frequency 3

helix 5 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 6 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 9 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 14 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 22 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 23 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 26 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 31 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 38 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 39 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 41 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 45 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 51 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 52 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 54 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 59 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 64 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 65 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 79 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 80 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 82 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 87 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 93 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 108 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 110 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 115 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 123 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 126 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 131 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 139 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 141 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 146 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 153 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 154 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 157 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 162 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 169 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 170 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 172 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil
helix 177 is in a 2-stranded coiled coil



coiled coil  2:
	angle between helices  9 and 14 is  149.435	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6g31  7.0 0 coiled coil (i) 2 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 12 mean 12.00):


assigning heptad to helix 9 (X) 174-193:A
extent of coiled coil packing: 179-190:A
sequence KPLLNTLGLFFQIRYDYANL
register      defgabcdefga   
partner  -----Y---Y--Y---Y---
knobtype -----2---4--4---1---
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 14 (Y) 256-276:A
extent of coiled coil packing: 260-271:A
sequence SFEYTRNTLKELEAKAYKQID
register     defgabcdefga     
partner  !-------X--X---------
knobtype 2-------4--4---------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


coiled coil  3:
	angle between helices 26 and 31 is  150.747	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6g31  7.0 0 coiled coil (ii) 3 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 15 mean 15.00):


assigning heptad to helix 26 (X) 174-194:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 176-190:B
sequence KPLLNTLGLFFQIRYDYANLH
register   abcdefgabcdefga    
partner  -----Y---Y--Y---Y----
knobtype -----4---4--3---1----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 7,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 31 (Y) 256-277:B
extent of coiled coil packing: 260-274:B
sequence SFEYTRNTLKELEAKAYKQIDA
register     defgabcdefgabcd   
partner  !-------X--X---X------
knobtype 2-------4--4---4------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 4,7,4


coiled coil  6:
	angle between helices 41 and 45 is  149.727	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6g31  7.0 0 coiled coil (iii) 6 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 15 mean 15.00):


assigning heptad to helix 41 (X) 174-194:C
extent of coiled coil packing: 176-190:C
sequence KPLLNTLGLFFQIRYDYANLH
register   abcdefgabcdefga    
partner  --Y--Y---Y--Y---Y----
knobtype --2--4---3--3---1----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 7,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 45 (Y) 256-278:C
extent of coiled coil packing: 260-274:C
sequence SFEYTRNTLKELEAKAYKQIDAR
register     defgabcdefgabcd    
partner  !-------X--X---X-------
knobtype 2-------4--4---4-------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 4,7,4


coiled coil  7:
	angle between helices 54 and 59 is  156.150	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6g31  7.0 0 coiled coil (iv) 7 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 12 mean 12.00):


assigning heptad to helix 54 (X) 174-193:D
extent of coiled coil packing: 179-190:D
sequence KPLLNTLGLFFQIRYDYANL
register      defgabcdefga   
partner  -----Y---Y--Y---Y---
knobtype -----2---4--3---1---
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 59 (Y) 256-277:D
extent of coiled coil packing: 260-271:D
sequence SFEYTRNTLKELEAKAYKQIDA
register     defgabcdefga      
partner  !-------X--X----------
knobtype 2-------3--4----------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


coiled coil 10:
	angle between helices 82 and 87 is  147.739	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6g31  7.0 0 coiled coil (v) 10 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 15 mean 15.00):


assigning heptad to helix 82 (X) 174-193:F
extent of coiled coil packing: 176-190:F
sequence KPLLNTLGLFFQIRYDYANL
register   abcdefgabcdefga   
partner  -----Y---Y--Y---Y---
knobtype -----4---4--3---1---
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 7,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 87 (Y) 256-276:F
extent of coiled coil packing: 260-274:F
sequence SFEYTRNTLKELEAKAYKQID
register     defgabcdefgabcd  
partner  !-------X--X---X-----
knobtype 2-------4--4---4-----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 4,7,4


coiled coil 12:
	angle between helices 110 and 115 is  155.548	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6g31  7.0 0 coiled coil (vi) 12 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 15 mean 15.00):


assigning heptad to helix 110 (X) 174-193:H
extent of coiled coil packing: 176-190:H
sequence KPLLNTLGLFFQIRYDYANL
register   abcdefgabcdefga   
partner  --Y--Y---Y--Y---Y---
knobtype --2--4---4--4---1---
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 7,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 115 (Y) 256-278:H
extent of coiled coil packing: 260-274:H
sequence SFEYTRNTLKELEAKAYKQIDAR
register     defgabcdefgabcd    
partner  !-------X--X---X-------
knobtype 2-------4--4---4-------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 4,7,4


coiled coil 14:
	angle between helices 126 and 131 is  148.269	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6g31  7.0 0 coiled coil (vii) 14 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 12 mean 12.00):


assigning heptad to helix 126 (X) 174-190:I
extent of coiled coil packing: 179-190:I
sequence KPLLNTLGLFFQIRYDY
register      defgabcdefga
partner  -----Y---Y--Y----
knobtype -----2---3--3----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 131 (Y) 256-275:I
extent of coiled coil packing: 260-271:I
sequence SFEYTRNTLKELEAKAYKQI
register     defgabcdefga    
partner  !-------X--X--------
knobtype 2-------4--4--------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  12 residues: 4,7,1


coiled coil 15:
	angle between helices 141 and 146 is  150.391	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6g31  7.0 0 coiled coil (viii) 15 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 15 mean 15.00):


assigning heptad to helix 141 (X) 174-194:J
extent of coiled coil packing: 176-190:J
sequence KPLLNTLGLFFQIRYDYANLH
register   abcdefgabcdefga    
partner  -----Y---Y--Y---Y----
knobtype -----4---4--3---1----
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 7,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 146 (Y) 256-277:J
extent of coiled coil packing: 260-274:J
sequence SFEYTRNTLKELEAKAYKQIDA
register     defgabcdefgabcd   
partner  !-------X--X---X------
knobtype 2-------4--4---4------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 4,7,4


coiled coil 19:
	angle between helices 172 and 177 is  154.889	antiparallel
this coiled coil is antiparallel


6g31  7.0 0 coiled coil (ix) 19 (antiparallel 2-stranded, length max 15 mean 15.00):


assigning heptad to helix 172 (X) 174-193:L
extent of coiled coil packing: 176-190:L
sequence KPLLNTLGLFFQIRYDYANL
register   abcdefgabcdefga   
partner  -----Y---Y--Y---Y---
knobtype -----4---4--4---1---
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 7,7,1


assigning heptad to helix 177 (Y) 256-277:L
extent of coiled coil packing: 260-274:L
sequence SFEYTRNTLKELEAKAYKQIDA
register     defgabcdefgabcd   
partner  !-------X--X---X------
knobtype 2-------4--4---4------
repeats   0 non-canonical interrupts in  15 residues: 4,7,4
6g31 c  7.00 e 0 result 9 COILED COILS PRESENT (+ 11 helix groups are either pairs with too few complementary knob in hole interactions or are subsets of larger coiled coils)
Finished
